I read the reviews and figured it wouldn't happen to me, but it did. Both bags smell like rotten fish. I wish I had never ordered this.
"New Balance Women's Ww1765 Fitness Walking Shoe,Pink,7 B US

These walking shoes don't fit properly.

My first impression was that they felt weird and walking in them was odd.

Ill stick to some of the other running shoes Ive used

Price  at $105.99  I don't think they're worth it."
Bad odor and not true to size (even though I bought a size larger than I usually wear).
These socks came up short -- literally. I ordered two pairs and sent the one back that I didn't open. I gave the other to a very short friend.
One of the legs snapped off minutes after taking it out of the bag. Its flimsy and cheap, definitely not worth $8
Extremely thin material, I wish I had sent it back.
when I first got these shoes I tried them on and they were tight in the front.  i don't have wide feet and these were cramming my toes together.  The length was correct just much too narrow.  I tried to break them in but was unsuccessful.  Although a very lightweight shoe, the material does not stretch or give.  I will be returning these to amazon.
Not as described
Sent the wrong width! Too wide returned!
These looked great. They fit great. I bought two, and use one under my socks to keep my feet warm during my cold-weather biking. However, It has not been three weeks since they arrived and I started wearing them, and they both have holes, one the size of a penny, another the size of a quarter.
One shoe seems shorter than the other. I plan on sending them back. I was looking for a comfortable shoe to walk in. Maybe next time
Ordered an XL and it was still small. I am not a big girl either. These sizes run extremely small. Was ver disappointed.
This was under charms for pandora and or  other snake charmm bracelets it is beautiful and would make the perfect charm but will not fit any of the bracelets I had to buy thin silver necklaces for the piece
I ordered a large and it was simply too small
Product received was NOT AT ALL as pictured. Hat pictured is black with black/gray fur. Item received was black with light brown fur. It would have been somewhat more acceptable had it been made with quality craftmanship, however, it is cheap, Chinese-made, lower quality than you can imagine. Paper thin and awful looking, and it has that terrible plastic smell to it as well. DO NOT PURCHASE. Certainly won't keep you warm as a hat is intended. It is sellers and products like these that make customers weary of purchasing online.
Even though my 6 year old grand-daughter loves her new necklace....she didn't even wear it one day and a gem fell out. SERIOUSLY!!!! I guess you need more glue.
Do not buy this POS from China!  It doesn't work and the seller will not work with you.  Should have known better on an $8 watch from a seller in China.  Oh well, off to wal mart to buy a replacement.
"Received the nylon lace thong, not the cotton one.
Seems like the fulfillment center doesn't know what they are doing  so I returned it."
Super cute, but too heavy and made my sensitive ears burn immediately.
OR,  THESE WERE DRY-ROTTED.  I PURCHASED A RED PAIR AND A NAVY PAIR... BETWEEN THE TWO, THEY ONLY LASTED A COUPLE OF MONTHS, BEFORE THEY SPLIT AROUND THE ANKLE AND ON TOP OF THE FOOD...
Usually I buy new balance sneaker for my daughter. She is size 2 and I got size3 of the sketchers just tried one time without socks and we had to force her foot in. Haven't got time to try with socks.
FAKE FAKE FAKE... Looks great on picture but in person is a whole different story.  The leather is so stiff, is it even genuine leather or just cheap faux material?  Not to mention the heel...imitation wood "Yuck!"  I own imitation wooden heels but this one does not come close.  This one is more of a hard plastic that is noisy when walking in them.  The fit was fine a little snug, and hurts when I walk in them.  These came in time for what I was wearing it for and can't return them since I've worn them.  Not ordering from this brand again:(
Damage your cards and has not space
This thing is garbage! Arrived today right out of the box latch broken and no pads for my watches. I would return it but I might just burn it instead.
Really cute sandal but very uncomfortable  Have tried other Taos sandals and they were very supportive and comfortable. This footbed was hard as a rock and it was not removable  Will return these. Very disappointed.
Does not look like the picture.  It is really big, does not fit in my belly button and looks like costume jewelry
pants fit way to small. Ive ordered five pairs of these and the seller won't honor replacements. The pants are poorly made and run very small
These are really cute shoes, but I rated a one star  because they run way too big. I'd say at least a size too big. Definitely order a size down.
The pants are tight because half of the back on the pants are elastic and the other half in front are tied
The sleeves are too short and it's too tight, also too short length as well, however I love the style and wish it fit better.
the gold  faded really fast
The leggings got runs in the crotch after only wearing them 2x. Not worth the money at all!!! Doesn't even feel like fleece inside. Just buy something else....I will have to.
The cash clip Broke within a week of usage. Returning.
"Fit perfectly,  feel great.  I tried Merrell Trail Glove 2 and Inov8 Bare XF 210's and neither of them fit or felt as well as these do.

UPDATE:

5 weeks later- the rubber sole on the front of the shoe started separating from the shoe. Contacted New Balance and they informed me that since it was 2 weeks past the 30 day return policy, I was unable to exchange them for a non-defective pair.

Well, there goes my business. I workout at least 5 times a week (crossfit and running), so I have had experience with many brands of shoes. My Merrell Trail Glove 1's lasted a year, and I beat the crap out of them. It is sad that you pay $100 for a pair of shoes and they don't last 5 weeks.

Looks like I will be looking for a new pair of durable minimal shoes, any suggestions?"
Too small for adult head. Had to return.
Gym bag is not a quality bag. I've used it for a week now and the main zipper is not working already. Wish I would have just paid more for better quality.
"very uncomfortable= material is very hard  and  hurts
very unattractive & uncomfortable
very unattractive & uncomfortable
the material is appears to be low quality"
to small
The product is already falling apart on me after only a few months.  I would not recommend that anyone purchase this bag.  You are better off spending a little more money to get a back that lasts you a while.
Terrible quality.  Once through a high efficiency washing machine and all 3 of them ripped.  Have never had this experience with any other boxer briefs, including ones from Hanes.  Do Not BUy
Three things about this order.  First it delivered later than promised.  Secondly the size 11 is at least sized one size larger than other similar boots.  I have owned Muck and Boggs both size 11 that fit perfectly.  These Ropers were at least one size too big.  Now as I try to return them I find out I have to pay for the return shipment, not credited for the freight to ship it to me and will incur a 20% restocking fee.  Hardly worth it.  Frustrating and I do not feel this is my fault, I feel it is Roper's and there representatives by not having their sizing standardized.
"When i got the bracelet I was very happy. It looked like it was made well, and fit the descriptions. However, after only four times wearing it stones started to fall out. Don't waste your money.

:("
I wore this to work and my feet were killing me after an hour
My son is usually a large and it said to order a size up which I did but it should say order two sizes up.  Disappointed.  It will only last for Halloween. Once I wash it it will no doubt shrink further.
Stay away from this company, the sizes are way too small,worst of all the material is paper thin unlike Hanes or Fruit of the Loom its paper . when I did a return they make you pay full return postage ,then I had to prove item was sent back for my refund 1 word HORRIBLE!!!
"These are beautiful shoes however as soon as I tried them on the zipper was a little tough to pull up and then when I attempted to pull the zipper down the zipper ""teeth"" came undone. Amazon is great, I was able to order another pair to be shipped out right away. I noticed this issue was reported by another customer. Let's hope the second pair don't have the same issue.

Update 3/18/13 - received replacement today and have an update: The boots arrived in used condition without any of the packaging that came with the orginal boots I ordered. There were scuff marks, glue coming off the side and fraying of the buckles. Very unhappy!!"
It's just ok. It twists around -looks better in picture
"So disappointed in these ""boots"" :(
For the price, I wasn't expecting much, but they do not even meet my lowest expectations.  My intent was to find some really warm comfy house slippers I could wear for hours at home, so instead of shopping for slippers, I shopped for easy slip on boots...

These do NOT even work as slippers: Absolutely DO NOT BUY THESE if you are actually looking for winter boots.

First: they are easily 1 size, probably 2 sizes, too small-- even barefoot!  I ordered in 12, my normal shoe size is an 11 or 12, but my toes are jammed into the end (yes, I checked to make sure all the stuffing was removed ;-)) and the footbed is easily 1"" too short in length.  Also the boots say on the bottom, they are Euro size 43--  the Amazon listing does not say anywhere that these are Euro sizes (I ALWAYS order 1 size up in Euro)-- So maddening to be lied to.  Also, I have very narrow feet, but these boots fit me just fine in width, so for an average or wide-foot, these would be extremely tight and uncomfortable-- especially if you were wearing winter socks.

Second: The rubber sole looks thick, but is faux: it comes up the side, but is actually not 1""+ thick as it appears in the picture.  It is thinner than cardboard and, even though I'm wearing these as house slippers, my feet are freezing and uncomfortable from zero under-foot support nor padding--- it would be a JOKE to wear these in the snow or outdoors at all!  Or to have to walk for any distance.

FAIL

I don't want to mess with the hassle of returning these by mail, so I'm going to donate them.  I feel sorry for the homeless person who will be stuck with them :("
i need a size 11
I returned this costume. They made a new cheaper version.  The cape was supposed to velcro on the shoulders, instead it was two thin strings that tied around the neck. There was supposed to be the Robin Logo on the cape. It was just a thin crappy piece of yellow polyester with no logo. The letter "R" on the front was supposed to be glittery gold,  it was just flat paint.  3 Major changes that where miss advertised.
The scarf arrived defective, has holes and scratches on the fabric. It's very upsetting considering extra long delivery time (around a month).
Very bad too small I ask 2 X and looks medium
I ordered this and it looks nothing like the picture I thought it was a oversized sweater but it's a damn blouse truly disappointed
too small the color is to shine .
These TIGHTS (not leggings as advertised.... it clearly says tights on the label, and they fit like tights!) have the nastiest odor!  I will not purchase any more of these!  My husband asked if I had put WD-40 all over our door whenever he walked in and smelled them in the dryer.  That was the 5th attempt at washing them, and they still smelled nasty!
I purchased as a size too big and when I received it, it was about 5 sizes too small.  I ended up giving it to my teenage daughter.  Too bad because it was nice.
"The size 6 is not a true 6 - it is way too small. All my son's other shoes are 6 and this shoe is the only outlier.

The 1-star is not for the size, but that in order to process the return, Five Ten doesn't cover shipping like all other online shoe retailers and Amazon itself. So if you aren't sure about the size, be prepared to pay for shipping to get your refund. For the premium cost of the shoes, not on sale, I'd expect Five Ten to cover shipping as cost of doing online business."
I received these boots very quickly, only one day after placing my order. I was very disappointed when I opened the box. the leather is very poor quality with a wrinkled appearance. The leather is very thin and not a buttery, smooth high quality leather. I guess that is reflective in the price. The picture on Amazon is very misleading as to the true appearance of the boot. Will definitely be returning them.
One was smaller than the other
I am so disappointed in the quality of these. I had a previous pair of Carhartt women's socks that lasted 3 years. These haven't even lasted 3 months. The heels are almost worn thru already. All of the cushioning is gone. I can see my son thru the back of my heel. I will never buy another pair!
apparently 2X in China means size 2 in the US there is no way this is a 2X my friend who is a size 2 fit into this but could not fit into the thong, I would not waste my time on this
Wore out way faster than expected. Very disappointed.
Fits way too small, so I sent it back.  But quality of material is good, but you need to order one size smaller than your usual size.
Not a fan of them. I will be returning them because they look different from the picture and were damaged  when I received them.
not good .
after getting the pants on i noticed there was a large hole on the butt of the pants, and size is off
"I pictured Sherpa's in the Himalayas shearing the wool, and pulling and knitting by hand, before they swam, the socks in ziplock bags on their backs to the USA, THEN they shipped them 2 weeks later then that.
My GOD...how complicated can it be to send SOCKS???"
poor quality the hour markers fallen out twice!!!
It's hard to find a case that will work on a belt. This one is terrible. The snap that holds the case on the belt comes loose frequently. (Whatever happened to the cases that just slipped over the belt rather than having to be clipped to it?) The worst part is that my glasses (Oakley) barely fit in the case. I'm always worried I'll bend the frame trying to close the cover over the glasses.
Originally purchased for a carry on.  It was a little larger than I had hoped but decided to keep it for light weekend travel.  Used it perhaps 6 times.  Today when taking it out of the trunk of my car, the handle broke.  It was lightly packed with clothes and my ipad.  I'm disappointed and would not recommend buying.  See the photo.
"This is the worst bra I have ever purchased. According to the size chart, and what I usually wear, the XL should have fitted. The cup size fit, but the band was at least two inches too short. The straps twist and roll up and the bottom band rolls up immediately making it very uncomfortable.
It also squeezes you into a ""uniboob"" which is very unattractive. Not at all what I expected from Bali."
"I have an old pair of NB slides that are coming apart. They are a 4E width and have felt more like a 5-6E.

These NB Plush20 are no where near a 4E width. The sole of the sandal is very narrow and the top velcro won't close on my foot"
Had to unplug it to get the light to go out.  The button didn't change the light settings.  Returned.
...there are "strings" of elastic showing...worried the bracelet may break.  The stones are good and it fits my small wrist.  Quality not that great and I am sorry I ordered 2.  No returns allowed after 30 days.  I haven't had them very long.....be forewarned.
Kinda of thin and not much support to exercise.
Super long length on the leg. More like a 34, 35. Bad stitching
Didn't really like, fit snug I gave it to my teenager who wears 18/20 looks good on her, wouldn't order again
Very small!
Worst wig I have ever had .. it is thin and shows tracka ll through the the top in addition they sent a BLACK  WIG CAP which shows through a stark white with. if I hav=d paid more than $8 bucks for this I would be so pissed. cheap cheap deal ..awful.
Threads loosen within days of purchase!!!
Runs way large
Just a few months into their use all of them are unthreading on the seam of the waist band.  Worst yet!
I did not receive the boots I ordered. The ones I did get sort of looked the same. They were such poor quality though. They looked like the rubber had been poured into a very bad die and the red wasn't all the way mixed in.
Piece of junk!
"As other reviews have suggested, a seam ripped within a month.  Basically it is a very lightweight in material, and they have scrimpted on labor quality--sewing the seams with too little material on BOTH sides of the end pocket seams--which is stupid, because they eat it when returned.

Liked the function of the bag, and does fit well in a gym locker with my size 11 shoes in it.  Maybe quallity varies by color."
Inner soul pads became delaminated within hours of first use. Junk product that ended up in a trash can in Kona, Hawaii.  Should have tossed them before we dragged them all the way there...
Beautiful earrings but I lost one of the pearls in just a day or two. They were really cute, too - a great length, pretty pearls, and I try only to buy leverback earrings now because I lose the others too easily, but that doesn't matter if the earrings fall apart so easily.
I am a standard XL and so it my Mom, this came and it is not as soft as it could be and did not wrap around either of us in front without having the front flap hang at an angle.  I returned it and got a robe for my Mom at Nordstrom that was pure luxury on sale for the same price.  Also the color of the fabric just looked poor.  I don't know - third world construction and quality.  Dearfoam....stay in the slipper business.
"I ware a large in everything else but  Medium in Scully.

I really like this shirt. However, the several buttons have fallen off after two washing. I have to sew on the buttons and resew the others to tighten them up.

04/11/16 I have downed this to 1, I wish I could go lower. Wouldn't you agree that the shirt is all about the buttons. The problem is they keep falling off. At first they fell off in the laundry and I would simply sew them back on. Unfortunately, one apparently fell off while I was wearing it. Now I am missing a button. Therefore, I either have to replace ALL the buttons or stop wearing the shirt.

If you are foolish enough to buy this shirt, take off all the buttons. Take it to a seamstress and have her sew them back on properly. I wish I had done that. The buttons that I sewed on with Button Tread are still on the shirt. The buttons that I didn't reinforce with Button Thread are gone."
The very bottom of the shoe is a thin piece that is comes apart.  I tried to glue it back together but it did not work.
Horrible did not even get these exact ones i got plugs. They were ok but then they ended up breaking so this is why the bad rating.
These are huge. I am giving them as a gift to my daughter but we will need to return them for a smaller size. For some reason I was not sent any paperwork with these boots. How do I go about exchanging them?
thee quality is low and for a side zip they suck.  the webbing only allows the side to open a little.  I had to cut it just to make use of the zipper.  Otherwise, I was still un-lacing them.
This product is not as good as it was before. I followed the instructions but the guard material started pealing off
I wear a large in girdles, I order a large in the Butt Lift and it fitted to small.
Loved the look of the shirt but one of the sleeves had the stitching 3/4 ripped out. I ended up sewing 30 minutes before I had to leave. Worse yet the final 1/4 of the sleeve ripped after I put it on.
These shoes have thin, flimsy velcro straps that don't hold your foot in place. The feet are pushed to the front of the shoe, cramming the feet into the front. The strap around the heel is way too low and does not hold onto the foot at all. It keeps slipping down and sliding under the heel.
This is the second pair of Sanuks I have purchased. The first pair, Yogi II, lasted a year, which was acceptable.  The second pair, a slightly different model, Yogi 3, broke after only 8 weeks!  The return policy expired 3 weeks before product's failure.  While they ARE comfortable, the cotton toe strap was not sufficient.  I have a pair of Ocean Pacific flip flops with nylon straps, which have lasted over ten years, so 8 weeks seems unreasonable!
This hoodie is not made for tall people... I got a triple XL and it was way to small for me
I have several different pairs of Polo Jeans, but these are the worst I have ever bought. I gave them away to the Good Will.
When the shirt arrived the outside adhesive label and tags indicated that it was a large.  I removed the tags and threw the shirt into the wash.  Later when I went to put it on I noticed that the label on the inside of the collar read XL.  The shirt is way to big!.  My fault for not checking the shirt out more carefully before removing/throwing out the sales tags and shipping envelope.
Well, I got what I paid for.  I'll be returning it or donating it, either way it needs to go.
I was disappointed with the product the size was too small and the quality of material was poor plus there was wasn't a bill or receit enclose in the box.
Somewhat small, had dime size hole in back of upper thigh and the bat symbols are only on the back of the pantyhose I expected at symbols on the front also
"The ""spring-loaded hook and eye waist closure"" is a  metal spring that is very flimsy and actually makes noise (metal scratching on metal) when expanding and is so flimsy that it looks like it would break before long.

I was hoping for something more like the Haggar Men's Genuine Expandable Waistband Pant that have hidden cloth-elastic-bands that allow the waistband to expand an inch or two on each side.

I'm surprised that anyone would actually make pants with such a metal spring-loaded ""trinket"" like these.

I'm returning them."
"I know what you're going to think - you get what you pay for, and I'll have to agree. Let me start off by saying that I'm a casual runner. I don't time myself and I don't train for races. I run 3 to 4 times a week (3-5 miles each time) to clear my head and stay fit, so I don't feel that I need expensive, top of the line running shoes. As a budget conscious mom, I'm always on the lookout for good quality at a reasonable price. I bought these Reebok Pheehan running shoes based on what I thought to be a reasonable price and some positive reviews from other shoppers.

Unfortunately, I was disappointed.

Running in these shoes is like running with planks strapped to my feet. The sole is very stiff and offers no cushioning at all. Even on an easy run, I felt stress in my shins and my feet started to ache. They also make a lot of clip-clopping road noise, which just adds to their plank-like quality.

I ordered the orange with violet stripes and they do look nice, so If you are considering these as a cute casual shoe, or perhaps even as a walking shoe, they might be fine for you.

If you are even a casual runner, do not buy these shoes."
size bad fit . Bad
"1st of all, I ordered one jacket, the deep purple with the black shoulders/arms.  Inside the actual bag of the jacket (not the delivery bag but the clear plastic from the manufacturer, I assume) I received 2 jackets. One was the color I ordered, the other is a pale lavender color with a medium lavender top area.. i don't know why there were 2 in one manufacturer bag... (2 of dif colors too)

The one I ordered has a damaged zipper.. the cloth at the very bottom of the zipper is frayed.  When you take them out of the bag they are zipped shut. This one i had a bit of difficulty unzipping, but I did open it up to try it on.  At this point I was unable to zip it up while wearing it because the cloth of the zipper, at the bottom was damaged.  I took it off and laid it on the bed to try and zip it up (so i could throw them in the dryer to get some of the wrinkles out) and the more I tried to zip it closed, the more frayed the zipper-cloth became.. So the jacket I ordered, will not zip because it's damaged.. I'll have to wear it opened.

The pale colored one, i didn't order, the zipper works fine .. of course!

This is pure nylon feeling polyester as you'd expect - not a cloth mixture. I bought it to wear as a walking jacket. It is a very NOISY jacket.  The arms hitting the sides of the jacket will drive you nuts.

It has a very thin nylon-thread lining like a thin netting.

The pictures they took to display these jackets clearly have it tucked in back to make the jacket appear somewhat curvy. I assure you it is not.  It is a VERY straight cut rectangular jacket.  If you have breasts and hips.. forget it.  This is cut for petite type women.. a girl, not someone with normal curves.  I normally wear a medium or large pullover top, closer to a large in a button down blouse. I bought this jacket in an x-large size.. It fits snug.. not tight, but snug around the breast and hip area.

Also, for me, I find the shoulders too squared off. It's just a straight rectangular-cut jacket, not designed for an average woman's body imo.

The description says ""cinchable"" .. ""drawstring and clasp bottom"" - Neither of the jackets I received have any of that.  there is no drawstrings at the bottom on the sides to 'cinch' it.. not that I would anyway.. but this is a flat normal hemmed jacket at the bottom - not at all as pictured or described.

The cuffs have a velcro clasp. There is no extra cloth around the cuff to make you want to tighten the cuff, therefore the velcro clasp is useless.

I have to give it 1 star for the extremely straight cut that contradicts the pictures displayed, but mostly for the broken zipper of the 1 of 2 jackets I received, the broken one being the one I ordered."
Empty bottle, spilled and ruined entire order.
Feels like sandpaper, fits like a grocery sack. Wish I never bought it. The cheapies from Wally World are way better.
Not very good...very hard and not the normal isotoners gloves
Material was much thinner than the last time I purchased these. I would not recommend these at any price. Not comfortable either.
I got the X-Small for my 3 year old daughter who wears a size 8 shoe (toddler/little kids).  They are big, floppy, and stretch out quickly.  I would not buy these again.  I'm disappointed because they are cute!
Since it was cheap, I thought why not try?... well I see no difference when I use it at night. I did read online that these only give you the illusion that you can see better at night and I was fine with that, but even the illusion was not there. I tried them for many nights and in areas with different lights.
Terrible shirt. I'm s small guy, 5'5 about 138lbs very fit, minimal body fat. The entire fit of the shirt was awkward. The sleeves were perfect. Fitted, just perfect. The length at first was ok, after a wash, it shrunk to above my waist. So small that it is unwearable (note I'm already short). Then the actual width of the shirt was way too large. I wear size 28/29 jeans so I'm in the smaller side, but this one was way too large. This small sized shirt was meant for super short, fat asses. So if you have weak arms with a big belly and on the short side (shorter than 5'5) this fits you perfect. I like shirts to be fitted and I keep hearing this brand is for some peeps but so far I've been disappointed. Definitely not for slim people. I guess if you like really baggy shirts then it might be ok but if you want something fitted, look elsewhere.
"These shoes are junk.
They didn't even feel like shoes - they felt like really tight foot boxes. I sent them back because it took seeing them in person to realize that they're $15 shoes and you truly do get what you pay for."
Don't buy it opens very easy doesn't even hold 5 bills good very weak
Heels already worn through!
POC. It came tattered and a lot of loose threads that shredded the purse.
After one swim in a lake both inserts came out or were wrinkled if left in. One shoe is pulling apart from the rubber sole, and has a hole in the shoe itself.  I paid more for the deans expected them to last a few years, requested a return after one use and would not want another of the same brand.
broke in 2 months
The size incorrect ( too long ), if I select return ! I will lost $32 ( two shipping ) I 'll never order BGSD again !
Save your money and put it towards a higher quality item. Product is very cheaply made and the chain looks like it would break with the slightest pull. It arrived in a plastic bag with nothing to keep the chain from tangling. The chain on the one I received is knotted up and I just hope it doesn't break when my daughter opens it christmas morning and I try to unknot the chain. I would send it back if it wouldn't cost me what I paid for the necklace to do so.
cheaply made. it fell apart. I only had it for a couple days before it broke. wasn't satisfied at all. waste of money.
The color I received does not match the graphic even remotely.  Disappointed.
These pants are horrible looking.  They look like something you'd find at a used clothing store. Definitely not a good looking pant.
Seam from shoulder came out. Very light 4-5 times use only. Very poor quality.
These run quite large and wide. Order 1 size smaller.
Ordered these for a Christmas gift. Received a completely different shoe style and wrong size. Very disappointed in this order.
I've had mine for about 2 months and the stitching is falling apart already. I thought Carhartt was a brand that would hold up, but I am disappointed in it already.
Didn't match the measurement scale for XL at all. Fit more like a medium. The large that I bought in purple fit much better.
What do I need to do to exchange these to a larger size?
models shouldn't wearing this shirt,real people should.
Does not fit me . It's way to small
do not order... this is a  very cheap piece of mess. Picture do not look like the finger ring at all.
"They look cool but break EXTREMELY easy. I got two pairs as gifts from Christmas and started wearing them in the Summer. The first pair broke in my pocket the third day after opening them up. The second pair broke as I was unfolding the sunglasses. I didn't even get to put the second pair on my face. Awful, awful, awful quality. But I guess that is why they are $10.

Worst of all though, was the customer service. I reached out to ZeroUV to get a refund or replacement for the sunglasses and after getting bounced around from one contact to the next they finally asked me for the order information and after I gave it to them they just never responded. I was going to avoid writing this bad review if their customer service was at least decent, but it was just like the quality of their sunglasses, awful."
Credit cards did not fit in the slots.  I returned the wallet.
Gave me the run around left site to bail them out. DON'T BOTHER A WASTE OF TIME! Broken and Kinked up chains. The worst.
If you're plus size, do not get these. I Felt like the penguin from batman, so sad.
"The necklace looked good, a little small, but after reading the reviews I expected that. After opening the box, the necklace chain was tangled horribly. It took about an hour to get it undone. I could live with that by itself however.

What really sucks is that after having it on for less than a day, the necklace chain broke. Not a big deal if it wasn't attached to the chain and just threaded through but that's not the case. So maybe I had a unique experience but buyer beware."
Jacket size was ok but the neck size on the jacket is way to small.  Dont waste your money.
"These were much smaller than the last set of Betsey Johnson sock I bought and I returned them because they did not fit.
Additional I did not get the gift box packaging mentioned in the description."
big  cut out, huge in toe area, cut like no other reef I have ever seen, like they are some badly fitted import that isn't consistent with reef. nobody has toes that LONG. I  have thin legs, don't need my feet looking any bigger than they are:)
This product runs small and they do not offer exchanges.
Not sturdy at all. It's very short and always wants to fold
I ordered what I thought was a size 12 men's shoes. What arrived was a child's size 12. I then paid an additional $10.49 to ship these shoes back via ups. On 5/21/2013 I opened my box from shoe station to discover the same children's size 12 shoes I had just mailed back. 1) I called and made sure they had a size 12 men's 2) I called again and was assured by customer service my shoes are on the way. I will never ever buy a pair of shoes on line from shoe station.
Aerosoles are usually a perfect fit when I order a wide width, but these are cut a bit high and hit exactly on my bunion.  Will need to return.  Also, be prepared to see that they are a very bright bronze, not at all subtle.
That' the amount of hat there was when this came in the mail.  I was disapointed. it wasn't anything more than a scull cap, no hang ove slouch in the back like the picture.
Too small, too short. Not same fit as same pant purchased from another vendor
I bought these for a pair of my daughters shoes and upon arrival they seemed like a great product and would hold up well. I followed the directions exactly and even had her wait the 24 hours to allow for adhesive to to set. She wore them ONE time and the top layer peeled completely off. Defeats the point of leaving on when the grip was gone. Very disappointed!
This shirt is not like the picture, and a lot of the Allegra k clothing is not. It looks better online sadly.  Got a large fits like a small and is much shorter. You must keep pulling it down during the day. I need to stop buying from here because nothing is what it seems.
Doesn't look like the picture and doesn't fit properly
"Very poor quality..shoe last only few days..after wearing at second day lost half of the stars which was placed on bottom of the shoe so my daughter starter having pain in her legs..feet's.. muscles!!
Didn't approve purchase at ll"
Described as having two zipper compartments. A main compartment and a smaller compartment.  There is NO smaller compartment!!! So disappointed. Their description was terribly misleading!!
This hoodie I received that was marketed as a Baja Joe product didn't have the Baja Joe tag on it. Its an off brand scam.
I by no means have large calfs and never have I had any issues with boots being to tight. But I'm a good inch from being able to zip these boots. Very very disapointed
The shoes fit good but after 30 days of use the soles are coming loose. I work indoors on dry floors so no excuse other than bad glue. I was happy with shoes up to this point.
This shoe is beautiful, but had to be returned.  It is very uncomfortable; did not expect this since Aerosoles are usually a very comfortable shoe.
Poorly made 2 days of use and stitching is breaking.
They hang mid knee and Im not the NBA type. The waist is very snug XL compared to their previous versions so you may want to go up a size.
This is a very cute dress, but is maybe a size 5 not a size 7/8 I was not happy with this seller
If you're going to sit all day, this may be the shoe for you. Cause as soon as you stand up, the toe by the bunions pinch. I also felt the peep part was a little wide, like my feet wanted to slide through. Naturalizer is usually a comfortable shoe, but not these.
Had to return, back strap not seated corrected so when on foot would not close...bought same style,same size, silver color in June it was perfect..maybe just the ones I rec'd.
It was awful! It took forever to arrive and when it did, there were holes and Tera all throughout the front!
The item is not true to size.  It is smaller than size runs.  I was disappointed in the entire shoe and had it fit, I possibly would not have kept it.  The sole is very light and seems as if it would slip on vinyl floors, etc.  Sorry that I cannot reccommend it.
not good the wood is very heavy i already trashed it
I ordered a size up....I should have ordered 3 or 4 sizes up. Way to small and Too much of a hassle to return. Cute but just does not fit Al all
This shirt was covered in loose glitter.  It is supposed to be a man's workout shirt.  I do not understand why it is covered in loose glitter.  When I opened it glitter came out of the package and went everywhere; it was a mess!!!!!!!!  There is no way I could ever wear this shirt and I may never get all the glitter out of my house - WTF!
Size is big and extremely tired. u need to pay for return . I thought I can get free return.
Not good quality
Shake my head... Doesn't help much... Too thin and it doesn't cover my whole head
Awful quality, don't buy this! Ive worn them max 10 times and the post bit just fell out, in my ear! Ive never seen this happen to an earring before. I was careful with them, I didn't shower or sleep in them. Rubbish quality. Spend a bit more money and get a decent pair of earrings instead.
Lining came apart within a month.
I wear a size 32A and it is too tight for a bustline, very disappointed
Was not the top in the photo at all
I would not recommend this product. My baby is 6 months old with a head measured in the 27th percentile and I could not get this on her head. The description should read newborn, not baby.
Product was cheap looking, sent back
Shoes look good but were stiched with white thread so it can be seen. Also shoes squeak when you walk super annoying. I would like to return them but window for return has closed.
I wish I'd seen the other review before going through the exact same issue. Also twice. I agree that these shoes are great, very comfortable and durable for my daughter, whose feet are slightly wider than average with a high instep. However, they do not currently have "Big Kid" size 4 in stock. So frustrating.
"It should be disclosed that these ties are coming from Shanghai,China. I ordered 6 ties from Amazon. Three from Towergem.
No where did they indicate these would be coming from China. Who knows when they will actually arrive. Very disappointed."
Product to large
Has to be ironed.....he doesn't wear it cause I don't iron.
The watch broke away from the bracelet as soon as I put it on. It's pretty but poorly made. I'm bummed.
The sides came up way too high, and chaffed it was quite uncomfortable, :/
looks like a Halloween costume
Don't order this ring. It broke in half when my husband slightly hit his hand on the kitchen counter. When its supposed to be heavy duty and strong. Clearly its not..
I ordered a size 5 in these jeans for my daughter.  They looked huge so upon further review, they are labeled incorrectly.  The top label says 5 Regular but both the leg and the inside tag say 6 Regular.  They won't fit her forever but due to the pain of sending back, we will keep until they do fit in another year or so.
I hate it as the sole is so thin that while running it gave me blisters.
did not fit well and the was very hard and the sequences made me really itchy on the arm where it hit.
Not even close to the size I expected, way too small.
Bad.
I am a size 11 with a wide foot and a high instep. The length was perfect, but when I slid my foot into the sandal, it barely got all the way into the shoe. If you have a high instep, don't get this sandal.
Stuck together.
Another time purchasing Havaianas to see them break after couple months (of only indoor use). What a shame I used to love their brand. Also small fit.
Shrinks way too much after being washed and dried.
"I received these shoes and Immediately observed that the TIMBER|DRY  logo wAS different upon closer observation I also observed that the big R for registered was not on any of the logos which leads me to suspect that the shoes are fake I contacted Amazon and they issued a full refund upon return I would advise anyone considering purchasing or who have purchased the shoes to take a look at the pictures I have included to see if you also have fake shoes. I compare my old Genuine shoes to the Fake amazon shoes.

 I have previously purchased the shoes in store and thought that this would be a safe purchase to make online first time buying shoes online and I got burned"
Rubs feet
So very disappointed with this product! Been buying Hane's for years and, until now, was very satisfied. These are on the small side for me and the stitching of the waistband is very irritating to the skin. DON'T buy these!!
I chose this rating because the top was the correct size but it made me look very dis-proportioned and didn't fit me the way i would've liked, the fabric in my opinion wasn't of very good quality. Also, normally Indian blouses are embroidered with designs and decorated with beading rather that just having the design printed on.
These are supposed to have the adjustable waist, they don't so fit really snug.
The color was not what I wanted. There should be a better color description. I sold them to one of my friends because I didn't like the color and i ordered a different pair
This purse only lasts for about 3 months. The handles start ripping. Not a good purchase besides its looks.
After looking for every avenue have not been able to discover how to get in touch with the seller of this product. Size 3X is not big enough and need a 4X in this exact product. Have looked at more bra's than anyone should after getting this product and no others are exactly what this product is and need it in 4X. If there was a way to talk to the Seller it would be a huge help and get Size 4X.
Not as durable as Muck Boots.
I purchased this boot for my daughter and a month later the sole came off. I'm sick. biggest waist of money. I will be watching out for this brand.
Shoe sizing was off.  This is the third pair of sketchers- ordered all in the same size as my original skechers- the new designed do not have the comfort like the original Go Walk's.  Go Walk 2, hurt my feet within 30 minutes of walking, soles were to stiff, not the bouncy cushion of the original Go Walk's - which I could walk in for hours without my feet hurting.
the over all out looking is fine, but one of the shoulders is broken already, which should not be the case, and this makes me piss off. I will still keep this cloth and fix it myself, but hope you have a better quality and the prize can be higher
I've had these shoes for about a month and the soles have completely come apart.  I've been wearing them as casual shoes as well, so I would imagine them being much worse if I were to work out in them.  I would not recommend these shoes to anyone.
Actually my shoes size is 7 which I ordered , however when I receive this shoes it doesn't fit me at all , the size in this model is smaller than others as I bought 2 shoes from Ralph and receive all same day and all size 7 but this is the only one very small that I couldn't wear it ...
Rating a one star because I purchased these for my 15 yo son for a school trip. He normally wears a 34 but it's a very relaxed fit on him. Knowing that Dickies are fitted, I figured these would fit him just right but, whoo, these were so dag on tight. He couldn't close them. Besides that, when I first opened the bag, these shorts gave off a very fishy smell. Not like a chemical smell like them being pressed or starched hard but like they have been washed in algae water or like a chemical perm. I figured we could wash them before he leaves but knowing he'll be in a warm, humid area, I believe the smell would've came out again. So it's a no brainer as soon as they came in, I packed them up and I'm sending them back.
According to the chart in the advertising the medium was 36-38 but when they arrived the side was M-32-34.
"I was looking foward to receiving this item
when it came it was way too narrow
i called to see if the manufacturer had a wider towel
i was advised no"
Poor quality.  Nothing like image. I sent it back. Don't waste your money.
DO NOT GET THIS PRODUCT. IT RUSTS. I NEVER LET MY PANDORA BRACELET AND CHARMS EVEN TOUCH WATER BUT THIS CHARM RUSTED ON ITS OWN.
These shoes are so uncomfortable. I only wrote them once and I'll never wear them again. Stay away from these shoes
"The sandals are really narrow. My pinky toe on both feet are taking the brunt of this and it really hurts. I wore it a couple of time because it looked so cute but the pain was not worth it, it nearly ripped off the toe nails on my right pinky toe.
I checked the bottom to see if I had been sent the right size and to my disapointment saw that there was a 1 and a blank space where the second 1 should have been proving it was a size 11. I might have gotten a size 10 but have no way to verify.
Seriously bad choice. Money tossed down the drain."
It's a really nice lab coat , fits well, the fabric is nice BUT I returned it because it took over 7 days to get here! I needed that coat for a special assignment and it was send priority but it didn't get to my home on time and I had to borrow one !
I washed these jeans for the first time before wearing and they fell apart.  Shame!!!!  Do not buy!  Waste of money!
"I have been searching for a robe for awhile to wear at the hospital before and after the birth of my first baby. I was expecting a herringbone textured robe in dark coral pink. What I received was a bright pink robe, so wrong color, with no texture, so definitely a wrong description and title, and on top of that, it was a hooded robe too. Save your money. This robe is NOT AS PICTURED. This is a completely different item.

And just so Amazon is aware, the label affixed to the plastic of the robe does say ""Herringbone texture"" as well as ""coral"" in the color name. However, the tag attached to the robe is completely different as it states it is a ""plush hooded robe."" I will add photos so no one else has this problem.

If you are looking for a short, plush, hooded robe in bright pink, then you've found it!"
The towel fell apart after I washed it.
shrunk alot
"Unfortunately, this does not look or feel like genuine leather. This is so unlike Dockers products.

I wish I have the chance to retun it, but I am located overseas and shipping costs wouldn't be worth it."
This bag in as sleek and useful as it looks and in spite of brandishing the Samsonite brand, is of absolutely awful quality. One trip, just one trip, is all it took for the velcro in the handles to come undone and broken. Absolutely unacceptable would most definitely not recommend.
These shoes appear to look professional and classy.  Something you could easily wear with a suit to show some sass.  Wrong.  Personally, I do not like it when shoes show the cracks in between my toes.  These showed at least half an inch of the cracks in between my toes, making me feel cheap.  The lack of coverage over the toes leads to more problems.  When I arch my foot to take a step, my foot seems to pop out of the shoes, which can potentially lead to blisters on top of the foot.  Needless to say, I am going to be returning these.
The color is very misleading and I was disappointed with the fit so I don't rate it very high. Also won't recommend it
Fits very very small.
Very cheap thin fabric, no abdominal compression, very long in leg.
Hate it these rings are very inappropriate for teenagers i recommend to stop selling body rings for are children's sake.
The screws were stripped and won't screw together. We are very disappointed.
The company did not have the sneaker I ordered n the size I ordered.  They offered me either a size larger or a size smaller.  Not a half size.  Don't advertise a product if you don't have it.
The color is great, but the material is very poor. It is so sheer and thin that I can see my panties through them. And any little imperfection in my legs!! AH! lol I will definitely be returning these. So sad, because I LOVE the color!!
toooo small
For $109 these things felt like a pair of shades you grab at the local gas station. Flimsy snap in arms and poor fitament. Buy Oakley Holbrooks instead!
Earrings are very small...  Felt like a collar not a necklace.  Looks very cheap.
Way too small.
The underneath tank and the overlaying blouse were more of a small to medium. It does not look like advertised.
What a waste of time of ordering, even though this was cheap it wasn't worth it...ONE SIZE FITS ALL haha try again cuz it doesnt! The product is see through like panty hoses material nd its small nd doesnt have any support I thought it would have padding nd look like a bra but it look like anyone would of made this not professional at all.. waste your money if you want!!!!
These are usually great sandals so I purchased them on sale in January for this summer. Sadly they are broken (the plastic piece that holds the strap shut sheared off during normal play) and Amazon won't let me return them. Surprising for such a good brand. Next time I will wait and buy them at our local store.
"These shirts are pure garbage, in my opinion.  Total waste of money.

I bought these same Hanes shirts at another store.  I noticed at the shoulder, the stitching appeared sloppy and weak.  The first time I ran them through the washer and drier, the stitching started to unwind.  On two of the shirts, the shoulder became completely detached, the very first time I washed and dried them.  Unfortunately I had already throw away the receipt.

Avoid these shirts."
They weren't as high as the image suggested. I have a similar pair from same maker, but the are not the same.
Very poor quality
Do not waste your money. I literally pulled this shirt out of the package and tried it on and it got a snag. I wash all of my clothes before I wear them. I wash my "wicking" material clothes all together and make sure that nothing with zippers, velcro, etc. goes in the wash with them and hang them to dry. By the time I did this, this shirt was so snagged that I didn't feel like I could wear it. I've had this (or similar) happen with every Columbia "wicking" material type of shirt I have bought (4 of them). Lesson learned. I will stick to Nike, Adidas, and Under Armour from here on out.
I really wanted to love this shoe, but it is too small, NOT a wide fit, and it has a shallow interior.  I usually wear a naturalizer 8 W, but not this time.  Sorry, but it goes back.
I've never been so disappointed ! Gross! They were way to big. All u wanted we're small diamond studs. Way bigger than my nipple
very cheaply made, second hand shakes and doesn't keep time for very long!
Legs stretch out.  Then they fit poorly and crawl up leg.
I have always bought New Balance shoes for my son, and have never been dissapointed before. However, after wearing these shoes for only 2 days, the stiching at the toe came loose.  He was so upset that his new shoes were holey and he only got to wear them twice.
The straps on the toe are too narrow (I usually wear a medium so I wouldn't buy these unless you have narrow feet), and when i adjust the strap across my foot (its loose), the T is crooked (it doens't slide accross).  Also the way the straps fall it makes me look like I have a bunion.  If they happen to fit you, I think they are cute and would be comfortable.
Loved the color but was expecting a slouchy fit. Not oversized at all! Very disappointed. Returned the same day! :-(
Poooooooooor
This ad says x-temp. However, what I received is one plain 100% regular cotton t-shirt.  Also the ad was for a three pack. there was only one in the envelope. The real X-temp t-shirts are shown in photo and have a blue inner colar. (The x-temp I already have are 0% cotton and do not retain body moisture)
My daughter was giving me these for MD and came to me with downcast eyes and slumped shoulders.  She had opened the box to look at them once more before she gave them to me, and accidentally let them pop out of the box as she was opening it.  One of the  "drops" broke from it's holder!  On top of that, the earrings themselves barely opened enough to put on my ear, the point didn't seem to want to go smoothly THROUGH my ear, and the catch was worthless.  Not wanting to hurt my daughter's feelings, I let her know I appreciated her efforts and we would replace these with some others.  Nonetheless... my daughter was crushed.  I will be contacting Amazon about these earrings.
Didn't fit my hubby. Too large. :(
Looks are deceiving. Cheaply made, wouldn't be caught dead in it.....Returned for refund.
That advertisement with the guy has cold ice on him while wearing the shirt. Well I wasn't expecting that. But I did expect to feel like the shirt was worth buying. It felt no different than wearing any other shirt. It was so lame I don't even wear it anymore.
I thought it would of been a little bit more durable but it broke in the first week. It was for my kindergartner, who only carries a folder in it.
A plastic piece on the back of the shoe digs into my achilles and it hurts.
MY SIZE IS XL BUT THIS SL GARMENT IS TOO SMALL THROUGH THE CHEST AND THE ARMS ARE TOO LONG.
SUPER thin. Not a 4X at all; XXL at best! Smells like mayonnaise/vinegar. The symbol is not yellow, it's orange. So disappointed. Came from China so i doubt I can return. Don't waste your time or money
"These briefs fit very well, I've used other hanes briefs and they have been very good quality. However, these ones aren't good at all, the elastic band around the legs failed after 2~3 wears and now they're useless.... Low quality my guess.
Needless to say I won't buy again."
I ordered size 11 Mens The rubber sole was 11 not the inner size.
The feel and fit is good.  I'm 178 and 6ft tall.  But the collar wrinkled up after one washing.  I had 2 washed and dried e at home and 2 by a wash/fold laundry service.  Plus, I ordered when the price was $26 and then 2 weeks later I noticed the sale to $19.60 - GRRRR.
I have been buying Danner for years, I always buy 10.5EE because of my wide feet. Now all of the sudden Danner is running narrow, I've recently tried two different boots by Danner and have sent them back. They must have switched suppliers.
I wore the first pair for 7 hours. When I took them off, my big toe nail was poking trough on both feet. I do not have gross, long toenails. They don't hang over my the end of my toe. They are shorter than most. I think the material is too thin. So disappointing. I paid $7 a pair.
I returned it.
the lettering is coming off and the sweatshirt is covered in fuzz balls.......... very low quality sweatshirt. what a disappointment!
Horrible Product, Looks nice, comes in nice box but in less than 6 months and only wearing about 5-10 times its already damanaged and Tarnished.... Super cheap but a waste of money for a product that doesn't even last a year
The glue holding the rubber to the shoe's upper failed on day 31.  I'm military and I was out of the country when the glue holding the sole's rubber to upper began to fail.  I tried contacting Amazon and New Balance but their exchange polices appears to be 30 days.  I really love the shoes otherwise and I'm still hopeful I can get the shoes replaced. The only reason for 1 star is the shoes glue began to fail in the first month.
large for my size, and the insole went off in the first minutes of use.  will have to glue it to use it again.
Bad material torn
I have a similar pair of Betsey Johnson boots in brown and I love them (the difference is the ruffles face inward and there are zippers on both sides).  I bought these because I like the taupe color much better.  I received them yesterday and it looks like there are different textures of leather used for different sections of the boot.  The inside of one boot is almost spotted and rough, while the outside is as displayed.  In addition, the ruffle on one of the boots is of GRAY leather, whereas the rest of the ruffles are taupe.  I understand that this is supposed to be a distressed look (and that's what I liked about the color), but when it looks like it was thrown together with whatever (non-matching) scraps of leather were laying around, I am not happy.  This is not at all how it is displayed and I hope Amazon will seriously consider taking the boots I have returned out of their stock altogether.
Great looking watch. Unfortunately unit arrived with the minute hand completely loose. I sent it back.
did a 12 mile run and it absolutely sucked, i wish i hadnot bought it, rather should have gone with the merrel road gloves
I bought this for my summer vacation.  I was disappointed because it was little too big. It made my feet look little funny like I am wearing my dad's sandal. I had no time to return them because I had to leave for my vacation.  Besides the size, it is sturdy and comfortable.  I would recommend people to buy 2-3 size smaller.
I knew they wouldn't be super feminine, warm or high quality. When they came in my mail, my first impression was the fingers are extra stumpy (they look like mens gloves). That wasn't a deal breaker, as long as the fit and are moderately warm. I put on the first glove. It fit fine, but as soon as wiggled my fingers around, the cheap, fake leather ripped at the knuckle.... Really tho? . I put through the return request within 2 minutes of them arriving in the mail.
Horrible fit.
Do not purchase for hunting.  Extremely loud
did not fit gave them away
As soon as I put it on my head it ripped
Almost fell first time I stepped in my kitchen. Do not buy if for the workplace.
The mask was broken when I received it in the mail.
The advertisement states the item is Faux Leather but it's flimsy vinyl. The stitching is poor and appears that it will tear with less than normal wear. The snap on the case that attaches to your your belt is extremely weak. It lends itself to dropping or completely losing the case with your glasses because it opens itself very easily. I learned the hard way. I was going to return this to the seller but by the time I pay for the postage it's not worth it. Do yourself a favor and stay away from this product.
Terrible. The belt broke liked some card board.
My daughter loved these earrings which quickly became her favorite pair.  In less than 3 weeks the back post completely fell out and can not be fixed.
Material too thin. No support for larger size.
These looked great. Cute style. I ordered them in navy and it is a nice navy.  The foot bed seemed comfy; there's a bit of padding.  The 9M fit fine in the middle and toe; my foot might be a bit narrow for an M but I always order an M. N's are way too narrow.  Here's the problem with these shoes - the heel is tight on top where it hits the back of your heel. There's a tight elastic and it digs into the back of my foot. The rest of the shoe is fine and it's cute but the inside of the back of the heel is awful.
It's too big. Sitting in the closet, collecting dust!!
Cute design, but cheap quality. Ok, for $9- ... definitely not worth $29- (it's suggested retail). It's also a bit wider than I was expecting it to be. Figure 1.5 inches. Update: I actually returned it and got the Carhartt instead. Much better quality and similar cute design. After a day the smell from this belt had destroyed my bedroom. I would not recommend this to anyone unless you need it for a costume piece... one night only thing.
The needles were smaller then the piercings!
The shoes are beautiful.  The size is accurate. The problem is they don't support your foot. I wore them to a dinner party and was unable to dance with them on.  I won't wear them again.
The Turban is silky and smooth.  The material is nice and the color (pink) is pretty.  However, this is so small that it would probably fit a child.
"After already owning a pair of Sketchers Go Walk shoes which are so very comfortable, I decided to buy these for the warmer months. For starters, they look and feel like rubber. The worst part is the fit. They are the same size as my other Sketchers, but these are very small through the front part of the shoe. After wearing them to work once, I felt like throwing them out the window.
What a waste of my money"
Baby size
This is sized and shaped for girls only! I bought for my grandson and am returning it. Sleeves are small cap sleeve not a full sleeve as pictured. Great design , for a young lady.
The shirt is not worth a second look! Save your time and money. I plan on donating it to the Salvation Arm.
As soon as i opened it i had to put it back and returned it. The minute arm was broken.
Connecting system is notre efficient
Last December my shoes got a hole, and I did not used too much, is a second time that its happened to me, NO more new balances in my life
"If I could rate it 0 stars, I would. It's sitting at the bottom of my closet because of it's horrifying quality.
I recently got the original Slide Belt as a gift and I'm definitely ordering a few more!"
I'm not a big guy by any means, but these beaters were a bit too tight. Normally I wouldn't mind, but to add insult to injury, these were extremely abrasive and uncomfortable. If you're into bleeding nipples, buy these. Otherwise look elsewhere.
Did not get all the pieces very upsetting
I loved this watch while it worked. However, after owning this for a couple years, I have to give it a bad review based on the fact that it died on me. I have kept the dial in the light every day I have owned it - it has seen the sun every single day - I don't have it hidden in a watch case, sitting in my closet. I know that a solar watch won't last forever, but I have had quartz watch batteries last longer than 2 years. I liked this watch so much when I first bought it that I bought 3 of these; this one, the one with the green band, and the stainless bracelet one with orange ticking. This one completely died on me and the one with the green band stopped keeping proper time after 6 months of ownership. It loses about an hour a day. So 66% failure rate isn't great for a watch that I would expect should last for multiple years if maintained properly (exposed to light with frequency).
Poorly constructed and way to large. This looks cheap cheap and more cheap. I cant use in any situation
Zipper broke the second time my son wore it. The whole purpose is to zip it up to the head. Now it's just a sweatshirt jacket that doesn't close. Lame!
i read the reviews showing that these shirts ran small..so i got one size bigger-still too small.
spend the money and buy under armour
Threads are coming off in all 5 pairs that I received? Are these all defective ?
im retired military this nothing like the operator caps we wore its just not even a good ball cap the caps from rapid dominance are the best ops caps ive ever owned ill stick with them
"I just received and opened package 5min ago, and its true. There is hole. Seems not sewn well so fabric panel come apart.
Its nice material but not well made, sewn together. I liked the color (burgandy) so I am thinking to keep by sewing by myself but I am a bit worried whats next (as I wear many part come apart??)"
"I unfortunately just returned my second Slow Jo. The first one did not keep consistent time; it would sometimes be correct, and other times be up to 10 minutes slow. I realize that the whole point of this watch is that you don't need to get the exact time from it, but with a 10-minute window for error you're not even getting a useful approximation of the time.

Worse, on two separate occasions I woke up to find that the watch had lost 8+ hours of time overnight. This was in the first week of owning the watch. I contacted customer support, and they said that sometimes wheels can get stuck during shipment, and that setting the watch via the precise instructions on their website would resolve the issue. It didn't, so I returned the watch, gave them the benefit of the doubt, and ordered a second one.

I've had the second one for 5 days, and on 4 mornings I have woken up to find that the watch has lost 6-8 hours overnight. I contacted support again, and they said that they had heard of this issue happening to other customers because of wheels getting stuck during shipping, and that re-setting the time via their special instructions had fixed it for other customers. But despite following those instructions exactly (I've now set the time 4 times after the watch lost hours) the watch continues to lose time.

A watch has one function: to accurately display the time. As much as I love the design and concept of this watch, I cannot justify keeping a watch that has lost hours of time overnight in all but one night that I've had it. And this is the second defective watch I've gotten. What kind of watch is so fragile it can't even be shipped to the customer without losing the ability to tell time? I just can't trust a watch that finicky, which is a shame because as I said, I really love the idea of this watch."
Look nice and the material is durable thanks Amazon
Bulky and awkward to use. The 5.11 version is the gold standard.
I fell in love with this wallet when I got it, first wallet I bought in almost 10 years, the canvas on the inside (right side card holders) has split and torn, I've had the wallet for a few months now, this happened in the first month, but it holds what I need and I do like it, I just expected a lot higher quality from Carhartt.
Light & rock solid. I liked it initially. But it is very bad at slippery ground.
Swans were off , the fit was for like a 12 year old girl ..
Nice fabric but was much smaller then i thought it would be
WAY too big and this color is VERY orange.  Make sure to measure measure measure!!!
Extremely poor quality. I wore them only 2 times, dry cleaned and they have tertible sweat stains under the arms. They have to be tossed because they can no longer be worn to meetings. I own many dress shirts and never had this problem. Costly and disappointing.
do not buy u will be angry!  in ur purchase
Battery died within a week of receiving it.
It is big and bulky, nothing pretty about it. It is neon pink in person and the trimming has green and red in it. You can not see that in the piture but up close it looks like it has Christmas tinsle on it. When I placed it on my face the inside scraped my eyes and it was crooked. it has a cheap plastic head band to keep it in place which moves. No No No.
This bracelet broke the first time I put it on. The ends of the cord used to tighten the bracelet and hold it together seems to literally just be tied onto the leather strip. Poorly made, but it looks good. Will definitely be requesting a refund...
"They were so tiny I could hardly see them!
I will give them to someone who likes tiny earrings

Somehow
I thought they would be larger
They are very pretty if you like tiny tiny tiny earrings!"
I think this is also overpriced by about 75%. Fabric flimsy, looks raggedy and the attempt to look cool does not work.
As soon as I took it out of its packaging it broke.  The latch to keep the watch box closed fell off.
Received on time but it doesnt work. Very disappointed! Its for a child who cant tell time but it should still keep time part of the learning process.
This shirt not only runs small but if you have a big chest forget about the length being long enough.  The picture is really not accurate.  This shirt only comes up to my belly button and no one wants to be seeing all my junk. If you want your belly to hang out this shirt is for you.
Their shipping was outrages and wouldn't return for money back. You had to pay $20 for re-shelving coat. Don't waist your money
i ordered a 34 should have ordered a 38 these were no where near fitting but for 10 bucks i got what i paid for
Pants ripped first time worn
These are the CHEAPEST MADE slippers I have ever bought.  They went to straight the GARBAGE and I will need to purchase elsewhere. Made of THIN foam for interior, a piece of plastic for the sole and cheap material for the outer portion.
I have other Soda boots that fit great. These ones round at the toe in a way that makes them too narrow.
"This set was super cheap looking
I gave it away"
"I bought these earrings in a Lightning Sale Deal and I still thought they were pretty pricy for what they really are, but since I am a huge Disney fan I liked them, but then the second time I wore them some of the stones fell and got lost. Bottom line, they are ruined.

I don't recommend them. I feel like I threw away my money by buying these earrings."
I bought size 38 as I do with all Hanes products, these I'm afraid aren't up to there normal standards.  Whether or not it is off shore knock offs which seems a common problem on Amazon or not I'll leave up to the next man to figure out.  Not even going to both with a return, just going to go back to buying local when it comes to clothing.
I ordered this as an XL and it came in a package that was marked XL and the hoodies tag said XL. I wear an XL for T-shirts and i know that jackets are supposed to be like a size or bit larger than your actual shirt size so i was not going to be surprised if it fit me like my shirts do but it fits more like a large T-shirt would. i knew when i bought it i was paying for a novelty kind of item so i was expecting something more like a Walmart $10 hoodie but this is very thin fabric tho very soft and when i got it it had threads hanging off of it everywhere like stitching done in a rush with a machine that kept jamming.
These boots say they are safety toe and they are NOT. I received mine today and have to return them now due to false advertising or human error. I want to order another pair but I am apprehensive that I will receive the same boot.
Sizes run small. Large is usually little loose; in these tight. Large fits like a medium.
super small and chain is very small also
Todavia no  e recivido el delivery
The robe was not as plush as I expected. The hotel robe I used was much softer. I was hoping to find that one.
Horrible quality, fell apart in less than a month.
"It stretched to fit, but it's like having a see-through ""bra shaped stocking"" over my breasts.
It is NOT made for anyone over a Petite B cup. I ended up giving this bra to my (34B size) daughter,
after 10 mins of wearing it it started digging into my ribcage & shoulders, and my boobs started to ache from the lack of support."
Don't buy this product. Cheap materials. It was broken in 2 weeks.
This shoe fell apart in five weeks. The piece on the sole that made up the "pivot point" peeled off the sole of the shoe. I contacted the seller directly three times by email (a wholesaler who no longer has a storefront) and heard nothing back. I called on the phone and nothing. RYKA is supposed to be a good brand. Save your dollars (this was a pricey shoe). I went with a NIKE shoe (yuck, I know) and have been very happy!
the shirts fit ok but they don't stay down. I constantly have to pull them down. they creep up over my stomach. I would not buy them again.
Stiff, ugly, and about 3 sizes too small
Theses are falsely advertised as Diadora.  These are a lower quality Trax shoe.
Be wary, shoppers. The sizing is inaccurate. This is more of a 4-6 size (and a petite six at that).
This under armour polo is a different style that what I prefer and the lack of close up, detailed pictures did not allow me to see that. When processing a return, I cannot say I've ever had to pay for return shipping, but I will have to for this one. $6.83. I'm not so happy about that. Make sure it's the style you want to buy before you buy it.
This shirt is made for tiny men! The size chart is not correct for their shirt sizes and measurements.
terrible..cheap looking and ugly...gave one star because I had to leave a star to post...sending back....not at all as described
This set was made for an adult not a child.  Too big!
Very pretty to look at but the sole came out/fell apart sooo quickly. Probably lasted a week
These sandals are very comfortable and look good. I have purchased two pairs and both pairs have not lasted more than a month. The strap that goes between your toes and attaches to the sole come apart. There is little to no wear on either pair of sandals however the straps are defective.
Not size 44.  More like a 42.
Very disappointed the hat we received has a hole in it!
I thought these studs would be small and dainty. I was wrong! They were extra large square earrings  that look like they came out of a bubble gum machine. Not impressed at all!!!
"Tactical Zip" wasn't too tactical... After you unzip the boot, you still have to untie the boot to get it off of your foot.  I wore them for about 3 weeks hoping they just needed to break in, didn't work so I returned the boots.
Fit was as expected until washed and dried.  Siignificant shrinkage after washing and drying.  Fabric on back seam was torn during wash and dry prior to wearing.
don't look like what is in the picture
I purchased this bag for my trip. less than a week into the trip, the bottom part of the bag fell off and the zipper was broken. i was in a lot of trouble, as i couldn't transport my belongings. i have requested a refund.
I bought this for myself (I am a woman) to sleep it because what is better than comfy boxers? I'm sure for a man these would be superb, but for me  they looked extremely awkward. It literally looked like I went poo in my pants when I was wearing them. Not sexy. So if you are girl, these are made for man's bodies, which apparently have saggy bumholes or secret tails. I dunno. Oh, and they smelt really weird when I took them out of the package it was really gross.
Way to long
basicly its a bunch of bullcrap, the tattoos on her arms look NOTHING like the tattoos on the shirt they send you this is false advertising.
The shipping hcarge is so high that you really are over paying for the ring.  And about two months later the stones fall out.
My D got one and the chain broke the second day.  My husband fixed it by wiring another knot, and it broke again...
Fades as soon as you get it. Fits waaayyy too small.
Actual Sizes are smaller than regular.
Boots look used and dusty.  Very disappointed. They bulge out in the back. They are unattractive and ugly to look at.  I will be sending them back.
This shirt was so ridiculously small I tried to give it to a girl I work with to wear to a special function at work and she is half my size and it didn't fit her either.  How do you classify a women's 2xl as a junior.
Really disappointed--- this shoe is actually SMALLER,  but supposed to be size 11, than the ladies hydro comfort 2.0 shoe, item #89137, size 11,  that I bought at Costco.  Supposed to be the same size but it is NOT.  This is the lace up version and is VERY uncomfortable. The Costco shoe was NOT the lace up and WAS VERY comfortable. I'm sorry that I've wasted $45.
sizing was way off. Buy in store.
I buy one size up too big  the hole in the middle too big didn't  wear it
The glass has broken for no apparent reason. Did not fall not was it hit, but it has split horizontaly. I must now throw the watch away, which is a pity as it was a good looking watch.  I blame myself for NOT PAYING attention to many negative comments about Invicta watches and purchasing one in the first place.  I definately WOULD NOT RECOMEND this watch to any one.
not very comfy
How can I review something that I have not received?! Not only that, but it disappeared from my order history. So much for a cute idea for my niece's Christmas. Disappointed!
Shrank lots.
I thought they would be really cushy, but my Walmart slippers are more comfortable.
It's advertised as 10 - 2.2 inch, 12 - 2.5 inch, 12 - 2.75 inch and 6 - 3 inch. But what I received is 8 - 2.2 inch, 12 - 2.35 inch, 12 - 2.5 inch and 8 - 2.75 inch.
It fit everywhere else but the zipper bowed out so much it looks freakish. I would not buy this brand again.
Horrible quality.  The head piece was broken when we got it and doesn't stand up like shown even if it wasn't broken.  Not as vibrant as show either.  Neck piece just lays flat.
I had high hopes for these shoes, as I did for the Altra Intuition Everyday shoe I ordered at the same time. I have wide but short feet. I ordered up a half size per reviews. What I did not expect was a very short height in terms of base-to-foot-top, meaning I could not even get my feet into the shoes!!!  I do have a high arch/instep, which is troublesome in dress pumps with mary jane style straps over the top middle of the foot, but never a problem in athletic shoes..... I was caught off-guard and surprised that a comfort-brand seems only suited to flat-footed ladies!? Please be forewarned if you have an height to your natural arch.  I'm so disappointed they must go back.....
Described as "faux", but the belt I rec'd was leather.  Did not want leather for ethical reasons.  Very unhappy with this purchase.
The sizing for these is really off. It is MUCH too small. The band actually measure 24" when site says it should measure 34". Hanes needs some serious quality control on measurements.
These sandals are so uncomfortable.  The strap that goes across is too wide and it hurts when walking.  I have other orthaheels sandals/shoes, which I love, however the design of this one is awful.  I will try to return them and exchange for other shoes.
Actually a bit snug in the waist and way too large everywhere else.  These are not bootcut but are wide leg and wide flares. Have returned them. Very odd fit.  Same brand in another style of pull on jeans were excellent but no longer available. Too bad.
cheap quality
Don't buy unless you super skinny
I've bought maybe 6 pairs of these as the are a good fit for big butt small waist. As my 12s have become too loose to wear I purchased these in 10 and everything about the cut is different. Super disappointing and the search for a new brand now begins.
Wasn't anywhere close to the right size. Runs very small.
I ordered a XXL.  Based on how it fits, I probably should have ordered the XXXXXXXXXXL, if they make one.  I'm not sure who this product is made for, but it's not for anyone over 140 lbs.
The bags are much smaller than they appear online. They have a strong chemical smell!!
Ordered a medium size for my mother. Far too small!! Since my mother lives in another country and it wasn't it to try to return it, she gave it to my young niece instead.
"Very comfortable and feel supportive while walking. I bought a pair of Skecher's slide on mule type shoes with these and they have absolutely no arch support while walking. These do.

I bought two pairs of these Skechers, and I am obviously allergic to the shoes.  Maybe it is the memory foam.  Since buying, my feet have red scaly looking skin all around where the shoe touches --no itching though.  My neighbor is finding exactly the same thing. I tend to be someone who has sensitive skin, but I have never reacted like this.  I have been reluctant to believe this so stop wearing them and my skin improves so I do believe it is the Skechers.  So mine are going into the trash. My feet are so red from these shoes it is embarrassing."
Looks cheap and flimsy material
The shoes were too large and the small perforations hurt the front of my feet when I tried walking in them.
I recently returned the ring for a second time to get the correct size, and only received my money back and not a ring. Very disappointed.
Did not fit like the picture
The coat within has a bad completion in addition I am Small but this one is much smaller and does not serve me
They did not wear and fit as expected.
"I'm not happy with my shoe as the bow tie was tacky and had glue showing on the exterior. Not the classy look I expected!
It was also very loose on the sole of my feet and is a tad floppy. It's new and hasn't been worn yet and already showing wear and tear! Certainly not pleased. Sorry I bought it!"
I returned the shoes. The toes were too tight and there was a poor arch support. Very disappointing for Florsheim shoes.
3CAN NOT HEAR VOICE. SO CAN NOT SET TIME ZONE  SAVE YOUR MONEY.
Package came in a day earlier, but the 1x is more of a medium! I'm so mad. This was a Christmas present!!!! Thanks a lot.
the material chips and the boots did not last long at all they are ok for their price i guess
I ordered 1 size bigger than I normally wear and I couldn't even get it on.
This specific product is crap. It did not last a month. It tore from the first week and it looked old after the first wear.
I ordered the same brand in the same size as my husband's current pair. These were ridiculously tight. I'm going to exchange them but am not sure of what size to order - does Large mean medium or small? So what's the next size. The shorts are great when they fit.
Counterfeit earrings. These are NOT made by Disney. They are bigger than the actual Disney earrings, and they are visibly cheaply made. Im SO disappointed. Do not buy these. Theyre so big that they're gaudy and they are guaranteed to fall apart quickly.
The item broke after my son had it for only 2 days it was a piece of crap like something you would get out the bottom of a cereal  box totally disappointment I am embarassed I have it to him as a gift
Definitely not what I expected...very ugly looking and I don't know whose pants pocket is so huge to fit such a wide money clip wallet. I would not even give this away for free and I'm now looking for another wallet with a centre money clip. I should have paid more attention to the picture with the money on the inside as you can see how much bigger the wallet is than the money. Regret I made this purchase in an effort to save on some $$.
"having a narrow foot it is difficult to find a nice sandal and this did come in narrow.
It doesn't fit and can't keep it on. Tried to give it away but no one would take it after trying it on.
Hate it"
"I do not have the commercial iinvoice to do  customs.  I really disaggre with this mistakes.

I need your answer."
"So disappointed ppin the sandals. My feet have been black since I,'ve worn them and they  are the only ones I brought on my trip to Florida. I can,t even scrub them clean.

WISH I HAD CHOSEN A BETTER WATER SHOE."
deformed shoes I don't know what to do but will tell all my friends and anyone i know not to deal with this company , Word of mouth can be a killer ! and I'm so unhappy with these, one shoe is OK the other is scratched  view picture I will never were them and look like a fool , They look like someone sent me these because i bought online because no one would buy looking at them live , Never again a will spread the word never to buy from them , ONE is good and the other well you can see for yourself ,, again I know many many people they will not buy either , you learn and move on I don't care about the money , You just don't do that to people .  I do know if for the first time you stick you hand in fire you get burned , Do you stick that hand back into it ? I'm a very busy man and can't deal with bad dishonest companies .... Very Unhappy
The flip flops themselves are very comfortable....until they break within a month or 2. I have had a total of 3 pairs of these flip flops in various colors and the same result came from all 3. A broken flip flop and me stranded somewhere unhappy. Until they attempt to remedy this issue, they have lost me as a customer for life....and i will tell everyone i know about the poor quality of them as well.
Neither one fit & I do not know what to do with them. How do I exchange them  please help,.
Back falls off very poor quality and earring back is WAY too tiny. Very disappointed in these earrings. Amazon needs better quality control.
Had this product for two weeks and the bag also ripped. Not very happy.
Started falling apart after less than a week of wear. I'm a huge fan of the brand so I felt pretty let down.
The zipper pull came detached on the first trip that I took.  Of course it's been more than 30 days, but this was the first time I  needed it for travel.  I'm not sure what recourse I have now to take it back.
This product sucks.  It goes from my nipples to my thighs.  My wife bought me the 32's and my waist is 32.  Seems like someone didn't understand the anatomy of the human body when designing these.  But if I want to be Tweedle Dee for Halloween, I definatly have the costume.
All Gucci sunglasses come with a warranty card with the serial number on it. These fake ones do not! I ordered 2 pairs in different colors. Quality was poor and the frames appeared to be different. Even the cases were different and very very poor quality. I have purchased genuine gucci glasses in the past and the quality was clearly visible. Even the case was very high quality. These are definitely Chinese knock off in my opinion.
Terrible quality.  Waistband is stretched out in only a couple of months and seams are starting to fray.  Not the same quality as the past.  Batch made in Vietnam.
The gloves arrived on time. However I am doubtful that they are going to survive the night. The threads around the thumb are not only visible but look as if they are going to unravel at any moment. While they look nice with the rest of the costume and pull it all together I am disappointed in the quality.
Im a medium in everything. They are way to small.  Stuck with them since no free returns.
"We bought this luggage set for a trip to Ireland.  The first (and only) time we used it was a flight from Pittsburgh to Boston to Dublin.  When we picked up our bags in Dublin, the large suitcase was broken.  There was a crack that went completely through the outer shell and ran from the front wheel to the handle.  If not for the inner lining of the suitcase, our cloths would have been everywhere.
Now, I'm aware that luggage handlers aren't the gentlest folks, but the bag wasn't overweight and was packed properly.  The fact that the entire front busted out on its first use is unacceptable.  We ended up having to leave it for trash in the Dublin airport and buy a new bag just to get our cloths out of the airport."
Cheap!!! One of them broke the first time I tried to put it on! Too bad, I liked the design.
These shorts were too small, and I ordered two pairs from the same supplier. I never received one pair, and after talking to the supplier they gave me the money back for one pair and had to keep the pair that was way too small. I do not recommend buying this product ever.
I have still yet to receive these shoes. It shows as delivered and I don't have anything to show for it. I emailed the sender and 4 days later have not heard back on anything. Very disappointed especially since this is for an adopted family for Christmas and items have to be turned in next week.
I understand I wasn't paying for a $50+ piece of jewelry, but the horrible quality jewelry that I've received leaves me dissatisfied with both my purchase and this company. My first day of wear, the blue stone fell out of its holding place as I casually walked down the street. I was able to notice the stone as it fell, which allowed me to not lose it, but it cant be reattached by physical means, making the product in all, useless. Horrible product, do not waste your time or money on such a dissatisfying product. Wish I had the option to vote (0) stars, but (1) star is close enough to my dissatisfaction with this purchase.
Frame is plastic, not metal as listed. These are quite flimsy and will not stand up to regular use. Will stick with the Solar Shield brand in the future.
"Stopped working after one week. Cool watch when it worked.
."
This gown was very disappointing. Not only did it have a tear in the seam when I got it along with several snags in the material in various other spots but I also didn't receive any kind of packing slip or return info. Very low quality product. Will be trying to return, will not buy again.
I bought these because I really loved the old Nike Dri-Fit cotton t-shirts and I wanted some undershirts that could produce the same comfort and feel. Those were 60% cotton/40% polyester, but they were very soft and comfortable. The Hanes are 50/50 cotton/polyester, but they felt more like polyester than cotton. I'm not a fan of polyester as it feels like wearing sandpaper to me, so I was a bit disappointed that the Hanes didn't have a softer feel to them at a 50/50 blend. If you don't mind a polyester like feel then the Hanes are great, but I was expecting at least some feel of cotton in there and didn't find it. I wanted the blend because I like the way (the Nike Dri-Fit) would have a cotton soft feel, but would not shrink and wicked sweat off your body  because of the polyester. Oh well, I guess I'll have to go for some 100% cotton undershirts now.
After just 4-6 months the bag has served me well, looks good, smells good. Sad to say that the stitching is insufficient, and is unraveling where the shoulder strap meets the bag. Im gonna do my best to return it. See the photos for evidence.
This is a horrible knock off with poor material and no resemblance to the picture or description.
Shoes are less than half a size, foot wear feel very uncomfortable, and damaged
These are NOT genuine stainless steel as they are advertised... The posts AND settings have already started to show signs of being BRASS underneath a plating of some kind. Bought these and another 5-pack (from a different vendor), and they've both been lemons.
First of all the fabric is not the same and my friend has the same one! This one was not at all soft. Also when I contacted the vendor they don't do free shipping. I'm guessing I should have read the fine print it's only on selected styles. I wanted them to exhange for another top but I had to pay for the postage back which was a little over 4 dollars so actually pissed about it  won't be buying from them again
This wallet came and had such an awful smell to it that I had to throw it away.  I tried spraying it and even washed it... although even though I didn't put it in the dryer it shrunk a bit and the credit cards would not fit in the slots..  Worst of all it still smelled...
You get what you pay for. Pieces broke of after a day of use. The zippers are cheap and plastic. The fabric is cheap. Backpack is tiny.
I loved these slippers as soon as I put them on. They are easily packable and adjust to your foot size. However, I have been wearing them for less than a week and they fell apart already. Such poor quality, Acorn! One of them lost it's elasticity so doesn't stay on my foot anymore. I am so bummed. I thought I had finally found a slipper I really liked.
Garbage, not true to size and had scratches.
I cant review this watch. I recive  an empty box. Is no rating for this but i have  to select  1 star. Dont
The Citysafe and Metrosafe line of PacSafe bags are NOT water resistant in the slightest. Your belongings will be soaked if you are caught out in the rain because the material they use actually lets water pass through it with nearly no resistance. For people wanting to keep their belongings safe from the elements AND theft (i.e. everyone) these bags will prove to be a liability. WHEN I WROTE THE COMPANY ABOUT MY PROBLEMS THEY OFFERED ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. Don't purchase this product, and if you want to be extra safe, don't purchase any of their products because if something goes wrong they don't care at all. THESE ARE NOT GOOD FOR TRAVELERS.
Not as expected. too big
The size of the shirt was not as indicated and image was printed crooked. I was disappointed in the product.
Do not buy it is fake I recently tried to take mine to a pawn shop and was told it was only heavily plated
"Legs are very large-  Feels like a D-3 not a D-2 .  Cheap fastener at waist  Usually a metal slide in fastener.  This has a large button.
I hope I can return them for a refund and purchase better ones from another vendor  I would not buy the if I were you!!"
I bought several pair of these.  One for me and the rest for Christmas gifts.  They don't stay snapped.
I have another of the same bra, but the zipper on this one broke in under a week.
Earrings had dimples before I even put them on.
The plastic on the back of the shoe and the top hurt my feet and actually made them bleed. I can't wear them which is a shame because the cushion is actually very comfortable. I'll stick with my Haivainas.
I sanded the crud out of my boots and applied per directions with 2 coats but the product started cracking and peeling off after only 2 weeks of use.
Don't like it; you can tell I'm wearing it underneath my pants.
WONDERFUL! I LOVE IT! I HIGLY RECOMEND IT. You won't regreat . Get one! I loveeeeeeeee it so much :))
Like cardboard Ya'll!!!
These shoes were adorable and fit well, but the dye produced such a horrible smell that I had to return them.  I couldn't keep them in my closet or in any room, they smelled so terrible.
Not happy with this at all.  very cheap and as it was only $10 I should have known better.  Thought it would be fine for a 1 or 2 time use but has broken already after just a few hours.
Initially reviewed this product as a nice product.  It is a very nice looking bag.  But it didn't hold up.  3 months of use and the picture is tearing and coming off the front.
Wore them once in uniform and the outside of my foot, right below my shin, hits right on the edge of where the boot materials meet. Extremely painful after an hour and you end up walking all funny which ends up hurting your back. Not a good boot at all and now my pair is just sitting in my closet.
Really long.  I am 5"6 and ordered regular length.  They are at least 23in. too long.  The fabric is also extremely rough, not comfortable at all.
The shoes made me fell unfortable because was too big so i decide to sell the shoes, put a good size
"This is the perfect bra for all those women out there with breasts attached to their collarbones.
Insufficient straps - too short even when readjusted to maximum length. (Width of straps was good.)
Unnecessary side boning - stabs directly into armpit.
Unnecessary padding - any bra with cups that stand up on their own has too much padding."
Way too small. Purchased this product for years in the stores.  Waste of money
Not happy with these
The ring that was sent looks nothing like the picture. It feels plastic and very cheap. There is white glue caked around the "stones" the entire way around the band, and the stones aren't evenly aligned on the band. In addition, they sent the wrong size ring. You definitely get what you pay for...
"Item description stated size as 3-1/4"" x 3/4"" x 1/4""
It is 3 1/4"" long (that part is correct)
but it's not even close to 3/4"" wide, actual width is 1 3/4"".
And it's not 1/4"" thick, more like 3/8"".

I bought this thinking it was a narrow, thin money clip....NOT SO!

Item description also stated FREE Shipping
(it did not say ELIGIBLE for free shipping, it said 'free shipping')
which of course when I checked out, turned into 'eligible' for free shipping,
and of course, I was not eligible.

It also claims FREE RETURNS.....
we'll see, because this will be going back  :("
Not flattering at all. Wore once then disposed of it
Unraveled two days after I got it
fits about 1/2 size smaller
Okay but I thought it was on cord to pick around my arm that is what I wanted can put around neck no problem but I wanted to wear on arm went arm with a large amount hanging looked tackley so give away
two left and with different sizeway to go
These were supposed to be heavyweight.  I ordered heavyweight.  The package said heavyweight.  They are anything but!  I'll have to continue my search.
I have ordered a lot of products online and find many of the products are not what they seem.  I will be more careful in the future.  Senior citizens be ware.
They look good BUT too small. Will not be ordering these again
I was extremely disappointed. Looks very different from photos. I bought it because the photo showed a beige interior lining making it easier to see things inside the bag.  It came with a black lining!  The bag looks obviously made of plastic.  Gave it to my maid because I wouldn't be seen in public with something that looks so cheap.
These are not sized accordingly,  If you purchase buy a size larger than you would wear.  I think they would have been nice scrubs had they not been skin tight
requested medium size replacement.  I was ignored and provided a refund instead of a replacement in size medium.  double trouble with this product.
I had trouble with this watch from the moment I received it.  I sent it back and selected another model without a battery.
Still have these in the box brand new and no one wants to buy them. I waited too long to return them.
RETURNED... the material made me itch. Maybe I just have sensitive skin.
Ordered this very boot and they shipped me the tall version with two buckles instead of the short version with one buckle. Had to send them back because my calves are too big.
I have been wearing Haines for years ...same size. These are about 6 inches shorter than normal...uncomfortable....not what I expected.  Won't order again.
On my pair (going back), visible holes in the wool can be seen where the thumb and hand joins. As far as the "one size fits all men" sizing, I guess that's just not realistic. My pair are so tiny I did't even try to get them on, considering the seems already look to be coming apart. No manufacturer should allow their name to go on a product with such poor quality control.
Too small !!!!!
I purchased this book-bag as a result of the positive feedback on this item.  Although the design is adorable and my 1st grader was thrilled to get this bag, I was HIGHLY disappointed by the poor quality!  I sent this item back before my daughter had the opportunity to wear it for the first day of school.  The bag, only holding a pencil box, 1 paper folder & composition book, separated in the top front seam!  Would NOT recommend!
Cheap rubbish.  All is well for a few weeks, and then this cheap garbage stretches out and your "junk" starts hanging out through the leg holes.  The folks at Hanes should be ashamed of themselves.
This was small and it looked and felt cheap.  Totally itchy against your skin.  couldn't wait to get it off- and not in a good way.
I was expecting a better quality as seen on other products from the same brand, but after one day using it the sole started to unstick from the shoe. Since i did not have time to return it back before flying back to my country, unfortunately i will have to find a place to stick it again. Otherwise it is a pretty light shoe, confortable to use and apart from the above problem it would be a very good buy.
Cheap glasses from China.....the tip of the right stem broke off after two days of use!!! Not worth the effort to send them back!! Buyer beware!!! Go to the drug store for better made sunglasses!
"I absolutely love these boots, I am so disappointed I have to give them one star. The price is on the higher end for rainboots, l but it was worth it because they were so cute (and I figured they would last). They go great with any causal outfit. I wore them for about a month and they got a hole on the side of the boot! Shortly after that the other boot got a hole too. I used to recommend these shoes and got compliments all the time. Now I am extremely disappointed because they can't be worn since they look trashy and don't keep water out. Do not buy these if you're looking for a quality pair of rainboots that will last!

The white stuff on the boots was from the duct tape I had to use to tape up the holes, but the tears can be seen in the photo"
Too small, straps slip off of shoulder.
Its see through
HUGE disappointment!! My butt is not lifted in this..
I have written several reviews on items and my reviews are normally very lengthy. However, this product is so bad that I don't want you to waste your money so I will just tell you what is wrong with this necklace. Now I did read other reviews and should have listened but I like to sometimes give things a chance and hope for the best. Too bad I didn't listen. I purchased this on april 15th this year and now in june it is very tarnished. I did not shower with it on, and I always took it off at night and put it on a necklace rack. When I first got it, it looked nice and shiny however it ALWAYS turned backwards. Meaning the shiny little crystals were never showing. Now I don't know how this necklace would always turn over, even when I tried reversing it, thinking it would reverse to the right way, it still went wrong. Darn necklace. It really was pretty, for a SECOND. Please don't waste your money and become disappointed like me. If you still want to give it a whirl and need some info just post a comment and I will get back to you. Thanks for reading.
"This is note to the guy with NB 653 model.
Do you know where to get a size 11 pair ??
These were among the best.
What ever happened............did NB lose the last or lose their mind ?"
"quality color finishing are bad don't get misled by image. there is no match between image and actual product
i strongly disrecommend"
The strap that goes around the waist is too flimsy.  It should be wider and more substantial so that it fits better around the waist.
picture is great .  bought for my teacher son who is xlarge.  I can only wear, I am petite and weigh 100 pounds.  WOULD SEND BACK BUT I WILL WEAR.  BIG WARNING NOT TO BUY
These capri were too big and material seemed flimsy.
these slippers run small and tore at the toes in the first wash I do not suggest these for anyone
"Arrived dented. So disappointed in these.
Color not as expected."
The straps are very thin, also, and I returned this item.  It wasn't as pictured and I found the quality not good.
it was cheap the chain was broken. kept the cross but very un happy with it.
Way to large of a fit. Other than that, perfect pants. I wear a 36 x 32 carhartt normal, these were exceptionally larger than normal. To bad I removed all of the tags prior to purchasing or I would send back. Currently in the process of washing in hot water to schrink.
These shoes are not for people with normal width feet. The problem is that Salomon put a rise in the footbed on the OUTSIDE edge of each shoe (right side of the right foot, left side of the left foot) in addition to somewhat high arch support. Arch support is fine for most people, but that rise on the outside edge is amazingly painful. It wasn't terribly noticeable when I tried the shoes on at home in the house, but then after wearing them around town for a few hours, I could barely bring myself to walk another 20 feet in these shoes. I suspect that if you have narrow feet, your foot won't come in contact with that rise. But really, that's crappy compromise, because there's nothing about the anatomy of a foot that suggests you would be comforted by that rise on the outside of the foot. I'm so baffled by the design of this shoe that I don't know if I'll ever look at Salomon shoes again.
The transaction was excellent. But they show in my shoes, bunch and slide down. Not happy with them at all.
Bag showed up with an obvious whole at one of the seams!
"I have another pair of K-Swiss tennis shoes (Grancourt) -- same size which fit great.

This one had a shockingly tight fit. Luckily I did not wear this on the court the first time. Returned ASAP. Seller was non-Prime so there was a significant restocking fee.

Only plus - the shoes look great."
The right shoe was 2-3" (no joke) too big over the arch of the foot, and the left shoe was so tight that it dug into foot. The straps were also designed for a large person. These shoes were purchased for a 5' 10" 145lb woman who happens to wear a size 11 shoe, and they seemed like they were designed for plus size women. I am sending them back very disappointed.
I listened to the reviews and ordered this 2 sizes bigger than I'd normally wear.  The pants ended up being about 3 sizes too big, and the jacket was about 2 sizes too small.
Ordered 10.5 same as a reebok I bought.  The reebok fits but the Levi was too big to wear.  Gave them away.
Cheaply made.
Use them for kayaking, did not walk much on them and the bottom started to come apart, they were only good for a one time wear
I got this on sale for 9.99 and it was still a huge waste of money. the closure is made of a cheap plastic and broke.  now i am stuck with an open box. horrible design. would not recommend it to anyone.
I bought these plugs thinking they would be an awesome fun addition to my plug collection. I wore them for 2 days. On the second day the mustache and monocle deign had completely worn/scratch off. They still glow but they are completely blank. If you're buying them for the cool design DON'T waste your money. If you're just wanting some glow in the dark plugs these will work.
I recieved this today and the skulls are supposed to be stone and they are plastic. I am not pleased with this and I will be returning it.
I did not receive the shirt pictured
obviously chinese size 12 feet are far fro american size 12 feet. product looked nice but sizing there and sizing here are not the same. maybe they are still thinking of the days when they bound people's feet
Extremely small. Looked at size chart and still ordered bigger. Hopefully it fits my friend's kid sister.
If you are looking for a regular no slouch beanie, this is the one for you. It looks nothing like what is shown in the picture. I do not recommend it to anyone.
I tried these before from Macy's they were adorable that's why I decided to buy tow of them for my boys  in different color, I was expecting them to be a good quality: the blue color was adorable  but the fabric was thin and the neck was wide ,they don't look authentic !!
Only had them a month and the heels are starting to fray.
too narrow in the calf. went 1 size up. cannot zip
this was very cheap. they were ALL broken. PLEASE do not waste your time an money on this product. It looks nice... i got it... BROKE RIGHT AWAY, or it was already broken. NEVER BUYING FROM THIS SELLER EVER AGAIN!!!
This bag is listed as large and looks huge in the picture. I expected it to be a tote that I could fit a textbook into. I can't even get the strap on my shoulder. Good for date nights and a wallet but nothing more. I got this bag as a gift that I had asked for because I thought it'd be much larger. If it wasn't so cheap I'd return it. Extremely disappointed.
Ordered my size much too small mislabeled be careful
The material is so thick and uncomfortable that they are useless as an undershirt. I guess if you like coarse fabric and live in a cold environment this could be a winner for you. It's unlike anything I've experienced out of Hanes or other reputable brands. I cut them into rags to clean my car with.
The shoes literally started to fall apart after a month of regular wear. The soles started coming apart. Returned the shoes immediately
I bought these through Amazon in May but due to the cool weather here in the northeast have only worn them three times and the inner fabric has come loose from the outer fabric by my big toe inside the left shoe.  I contacted Sanuk about a return but I would have to pay the shipping and it would take them a few weeks to "evaluate" them, at which time they will probably be out of stock (already out of stock in my size here on Amazon).  Oh well I guess I will just keep them, never going to buy anything from Sanuk again though.
Little too big
I have a pair of these shoes in red and I LOVE THEM! I ordered these, same size, and they were significantly narrower when held heel to heel. I returned them. Easy return. Shipped quickly. WOULD BUY THEM AGAIN and hope maybe I got an 'off pair'
All the other reviews said to purchase a size larger well was not good advice for me they were way to big
Bag broke on 1st use. Had lightweight items and it ripped!
They were too small
Got these to wear on a week long sailing/snorkeling trip with Sea Scouts.  The liners tore out the first day and I was left with sticky glue against my feet when I walked.
Three times the size I thought they should be. If you are a size 10 order the size 7.
I was initially impressed with what I thought was a unique and quality watch; however the damn thing stopped working just past the 30 day return window with the seller. Of course there was no Seiko warranty either... Very disappointing. I know Seiko makes a Quality product; my feeling is that these watches may be refurbished or irregular in some way and therefore being sold at discounted prices. Proceed with caution.
Returned, too short.
I had to return these. Having happily worn Clarks for years these did not fit as expected. They were too narrow which has never previously been a problem. The strap and the Velcro are not in proper position to one another. The inside of the shoe was rough. Either I got a lemon or the shoe has a poor design.
The left front side is tight on the toes specially on the small toe.  I tried to stretch n also with a foot- wood insert it n it ceded a little bit.
"The material is shiny and cheep looking.
It shows my underwear lines. I would not wear this piece of junk!"
Shorts fit well and look good but both pair tore on the left hand side cargo pocket area shown/mentioned in other reviews and also show lightening color/wear marks that are close to tearing around other stitched areas.  The seat splitting on the second pair inspired me to finally review these, save your money and do not buy.
Gift.  My mother loved them, but they were too large
this color is not BROWN how you see in the photo. the color of this bag is rust. i had to give it to my sister since i already own one a MK that is that color. also the metal looks color gold. its not. its silver. i was dissppointed since i really wanted a BROWN bag.
I bought this product because of the seemingly good reviews. When the package arrived I was excited however, that sentiment changed immediately when I opened the package and saw I only recieved a packaging slip and a small cheap, empty mesh pouch. Don't buy!!!! I have yet to receive the product I paid for!!!
very thin material and shrinks
You can see the weld line. I returned it a week ago and still have not gotten my money back!!
i bought 2 in different colors and they were a bit big on me but i bought this one and way too small i put it on and holes appeared on the shirt so i had to throw it away.
Not good quality. Washed once, didn't not use dryer machine, and still shrink-ed. Neck hole is tight and congested.
Fell apart non-stop, not even wearable for the one night
Terrible socks.  They pilled and looked terrible after 30 days.  Had to return.
The gray pair straps are cut much smaller than the brown pair purchased together. Have 2 other pairs purchased at a local shoe that fit just fine like the brown pair.
Fabric feels like it was made out of hair, I don't have sensitive skin and this felt like I was wearing the rough side of a kitchen sponge.
So these shoes are poorly made and run big! I bought a 7.5 and they fit more like a 8.5. If you're going to buy a pair, cross your fingers they are the right size because if they're not you're going to get charged Shipping and handling to send them back + a restocking fee.  I paid $20.00 for them and just paid $10.99 to return them and then I will be charged a "restocking fee."...basically I am paying this company to take back these shoes...they must not even want them in their stock since they make is so undesireable for a person to return them. They are cute...but probably wouldn't last a season. You'd have better luck at Payless...where if they don't fit you're not out money.
Horrible. One of the hearts fell off and it started to rust after not even a week. Do not buy this product you're just going to have to buy something else later
Nice shirt but very disappointed with fit, the left sleeve fits like a large the cuff go right through my hand and so big. The right side is good.
The bag we received was a completely different bag.  It didn't have a zipper pouch - rather bungie that were held to the sides with cheap tabs.  There was a bat holder but it, in no way, could hold a real bat. Might work for toy bats. No pen holder on the front either. The product didn't match the picture at all.
I have purchased this alpine Swiss  thinking it would be really good. When I received  its in the middle it looked really good the stitching was tight and felt like it was going to last me forever.  After using it for about two months,  I have realized the color does not hold up anymore it looks very loose and the stitching has come off. I would not recommend anyone getting this thinking long-term if you need something temporary this is great
The hands of the watch are so small that it is very difficult to read.
When I washed this product prior to wearing them, they had a horrible smell that was not present when I opened the package.  There is obviously a major problem with either the material or dye used when they were manufactured.  I would not recommend purchasing this item or having it replaced until a new lot is available or the Hanes company reassures me that they have researched and corrected the problem.  Trust me, you do not want this odor in your house and certainly not on your person.
overpriced and the bare bulb for a light to show the time it was a cheapy watch....try looking at US Polo, Curren, Jaeger, Eyki...you will be surprised at quality that is better than this....
I have owned a pair of the Avaline's before and loved them (that I ordered from Dillard's).  However, when I got these in (thru Amazon), one of the nose pieces was not attached and the glasses were very cheaply made.  I immediately asked for a return/refund.  It's been almost 2 weeks since they were sent w/ USPS driver and of course, nothing yet.  These are not worth the money.
Bulky abd unattractive.
Wasn't as advertised as far as the color; I had to return them
Itchy
poor quality
The right pocket was sewn shut
I purchased this robe and 5 different ones for my bridal party. Box was delivered to my house ALREADY OPENED but everything was thankfully still inside.  I put my robe on and it is really small! This definitely is not a one size fits all. The robe doesn't wrap around me at all and had weird strings on the sides that weren't pictured. The material is also sheer, which was an initial concern. I would not recommend this robe for a plus size woman (I wear a size 16). I am keeping the robes for my bridesmaids because I got them gift wrapped and they are all much smaller than me. Too bad this was a zero and not a hero.
THIS ONLY GETS ONE STAR BECAUSE THE MATERIAL THEY USE TO MAKE THESE LEGGINGS ARE S***! I BOUGHT A PAIR AND THEY RIPPED THE DAY I GOT THEM, THE FIRST TIME I BENT OVER IT WAS LIKE I WAS THE HULK BUSTING OUT OF THESE THINGS!
It looks good but, Won't stand by itself not way it will stand.. don't waist your money... not a good product..
"Unfortunately terrible purchase.
Hole in toes after wearing for 30 mins.
Had to throw them away."
I returned this. The size was large and the style was not impressive. It felt lose and handing over the shoulders. I ordered the usual large size for me.
The shirt isn't dri fit quality. It is minimally better than the regular cotton tee's.  I would not purchase for my husband again.
i only got one of the caps
I ordered half size too big and I can't get my foot in the boot.
Order for 2 different people in their exact sizes that they used to wear for these pants and when they were delivered they both said that they were tight!!  How are these the same pants???  We compared them to ones they have already and are nothing like them. Very disappointed.
Got these for Valentine's Day and they are pretty.  However, when I was taking them off after the second wearing, the post came right out of the knot.  Will think twice before purchasing jewelry at Amazon (or anywhere online) in the future.
Totally different from what was pictured.  I chose color beige, not even close.
THE TOP STRAP WAS CLEAR RATHER THAN THE BLACK INDICATED IN THE COLOR CHOICE BOX, THE PLACEMENT OF THE STRAP DID NOT HOLD MY FOOT ON THE FOOTBED AT ALL AND THE SOLE WAS THIN AND LACKED ADEQUATE CUSHIONING TO BE COMFORTABLE.
Shoes looked like they have been worn before.
It's a tight fit, might be perfect for those who want something more revealing. I was looking for a modest loosely fitted shirt and this definitely did not provide that. That being said the material is nice and doesn't look cheap
Way too small. I Couldn't even get my foot in the boot. Bought a pair from a store same size and they fit great.
Only gives you one gauge! Ridiculous
These shoes are fakes!!! Totally counterfeit! Do not buy!!! The tounge is  paper thin, the stitching is awful, and they even come in a knock off box. Real Nike shoes say made in China on the tag inside the tongue, these say made in Vietnam. There is no question that the shoes are counterfeit. And they are extremely expensive for what they are. I'd rather spend the extra $30 and get them straight from Nike and have a great pair of sneakers.
"Aa.
i don't get my shoes .z.do u remember ? could u tell me how can I answer this question la?"
The description on the amazon site say this 5 pack is 100% cotton.  When they arrived, only 3 of them were the 100% cotton and the other 2 were the "heathers" which are 75/25 blend.  I hate heather ones, which is why i ordered this pack, based on the description that that says 100% cotton.  So i basically got 3 pairs for the price of 5.  I'm not very happy on this one.
I question the authenticity, right shoe is missing the tab that says "original" like the other pairs of Wallabee Runs I've purchased
There is no instruction or any paper work come with it.  how do you use or set it?
Too small.. need a 30 inch
This product is very poorly made. After only 2 weeks of wear, they are falling apart. The fit is ok.
It was not what i expected i will not be using it since its so crappy. I will get another one from somewhere else. :(( :(
These are very comfortable, light weight and have a good shape. The problem is that they are not built well, One day walking, the top strap (Arch strap) separated from the toe strap. I looked at the other sandal and it was starting to do the same thing. It was coming apart at the seams. I contacted the manufacture to see if they would do something about it and I never heard a response.
"Not as sparkly as I'd hoped.

Also not a fan of the way the prongs around the black diamonds are colored black.

The piece as a whole looks flat."
Don't know if it's possible to give less than 1 star. Arrived for granddaughters Christmas present and so glad I checked them over upon arriving.  Packaging looked like it wasn't new and they can't be.  The back right heel area between bows was CUT!!!!  And the inside heel areas were PINK as if someone wore these with red socks maybe AND I put my hand inside and the toe area definitely felt as if they've been worn.  So very disappointed with this purchase.  So be careful.
"These would have been awesome...if any of them actually stayed ON the foot.
Instead of providing comfort, it just made me all irritated, having to unroll the sock from under my foot to put back over my heel, then taking one step to have it roll right back up again.

I took a pair off about 30 minutes after having put them on at work and threw them out. Not sure what to do with the rest at this point."
I always feel product reviews help to make the decision either way so I thought I'd write one on these to help someone out. I bought these back in February and they seemed fine at first until you get them wet. I bought these replacements for the originals that had gotten scratched up over the years. Every so often I would clean the lenses and get drops of water on them for random reasons but one day I noticed that the water marks were now permanent. Long story short, after trying to clean them off with regular water and no other chemical cleaner I've noticed that the protective layer to the lenses is gone. You can actually see the difference around the edges that look original and the entire middle that looks worn away. Be aware these won't last long if you use them frequently.
I've been a runner for a long time, and I've logged over 10,000 miles. I thought I would give ASICS a try. I wear size 11. No matter what type of show I get, its always size 11. ASICS apparently decided that their sizes would follow some different rules, because these are at least a half size too big. Disappointed.
Love this item at first, but it broke after a week of using it!
I'd like to give this piece of junk a minus rating. It ran for about 10 seconds before it stopped. I tried everything I could think of to "revive" it with no success. Please don't be as stupid as I was. DO NOT BUY!!!
To small
"Let me start by saying that I have owned a pair of RB8894 for over three years and I love these boots. It seems that since I last purchased these boots, there have been some changes made to both their outward appearance and internal stitching.
The OLD RB8894 was the most comfortable pair of boots that I have ever owned and they still are. It has a nice large toe box and is very breathable. The padding on these boots still hug my feet and the shock-absorbing insole has saved me from the heel pain I was feeling in even much more expensive boots. The out-sole has proven to be slip resistant, even on oily surfaces. The zipper operates smoothly and once you have your laces set properly, it makes donning and doffing these boots very easy.

The NEW RB8894 has all the things I loved on the old style, but the boots are useless to me. A change in production has made the RB8894 very uncomfortable, due to a change in the stitching and materials used to connect the tongue and zipper area to the boot. Please refer to the pictures. The stitching change leaves a bump in the padding and cover that rubs and pushes constantly on my ankles. I couldn't wear the boots more than a few minutes. If you look at the pics you will see how the old boot avoided this from being an issue by using a continuous run of material (padding and cover) and a continuous stitch. Reebok, for some reason decided to change that by stopping short with the material and adding a section of stitching in the worst place, thereby creating this bump. This is very disappointing.

I had to wait a long time for these boots due to a back-order issue with Reebok (multiple vendors), so it pains me to have to write this negative review on what was once a great product at a great price. I will contact Reebok and see what their great (or so I hear) customer service has to say, but for now these boots are being sent back for a refund. Luckily, my old ones still have plenty of life left. Sadly, they won't last forever and I will be forced to find something else. Damn you, Reebok!"
This is not a "nickel free" belt. I am allergice to nickel and can only wear nickel-free belts. This belt gave me a rash 3 days after wearing it. Therefore, it has nickel in it. So this product is not what they are advertising
COMPLETELY DISAGRATED WITHIN 3 MONTHS
These are the most uncomfortable slippers I've ever had! It's like they are made for 2 left feet, the right doesn't fit my foot right. I tried switching them, because you can't really tell which is which, but either way it doesn't feel good to my right foot! Way too much money for what they are and then I can't even wear them!
I wore it about a week before the blue paint started fading. Yes paint...
Uncomfortable shoes, scratch my feet, I wore them twice but I can't take how painful they are. I wish I could return them.
After having lasik surgery I am dealing with the new found complication of halos around lights at night (the only downside to lasik so far).  Doesn't make driving impossible, but adds a level of challenge I would prefer to avoid.  Had hope these glasses would help, but honestly, saw no difference in glare before or after.
"I purchased these sandals because they came in a size 15.  Upon wearing them for the first time, I immediately got blisters on both sides of my feet and some on the top of my feet.  The Velcro strap that holds the sandal to your foot fell off as soon as the sandal got wet, therefore, I had to tie a knot with it so that it would stay on my foot.

Imagine a cheap, plastic volleyball that hurts when you play with it...now take that material and make them into sandal straps.  That's what this sandal is.  I really can't believe the positive responses for this sandal.

Do not buy this product, it is a waste of money and bandaids."
I did really like the fit of the shirt.
leather on the outside, cheap fake leather on the inside, what a rip off, it is not all leather! don't but this!
not working
Very disappointed..not even worth the $6.00..sorry but the size was also too small !
The boning was just uncomfortable flimsy plastic. The boob area was completely flat. It smashed the bottom of my boob and the top half had no support at all so i just fell right out. The lacing did not go all the way up the back to help fix the problem. Also the thong is just a left over piece of fabric with elastic moveable bands.
My order came without the gloves and the hat is too small.
Ran small ended up returning
I bought these sandals for my husband earlier this month. Within 2 weeks, the material that goes between your toes, ripped on one of the sandals. They are no longer wearable. Upsetting!
Shoes were defective...sizing was off...sent back..not a nice company called Weinstein who sent them...would not make right.
This tee shirt is NOT neon!!! It is a purple Batman tee shirt!! I purchased two of these shirts and neither of the shirts are neon. They need to remove the word "neon" from the description.
I am 6'2 and it was about 6 inches too short.
This shirt fits nothing like a jockey t shirt.  It is a plain oversized doofus shirt... something that should be about $7 at target.
Shoddy material and/or construction.  If you need something for a day at the beach, these will work.  However, they won't stand up for long.  Maybe I shouldn't have bought the cheapest thing I could find!
"plenty of room in toe area, in fact , too much. My big toe was in the middle of the toe area of the shoe. Weird. I think I have normal feet. I usually wear a size eight but to be sure I ordered a half size bigger. The rest of my foot was cramped and when I walked around in one shoe I did not feel any great comfort thaqt these would be shoes I would want to walk in much less exercise in.
Best advice.....don't buy."
Only thing good about this is the shipping speed. I ordered the L-XL size and it would probably fit a 7 year olds head. It's gonna take ALOT of stretching to make it fit comfortably.
"The material is very itchy and uncomfortable. There is a lining along the end of the briefs that squeezes your thigh and leaves a good indent in the skin as well.

I really don't recommend even trying these out!"
"it's very bad watch, it worked for only 4 days and then stopped,, one of the numbers removed.. it's really not polite to sell such this stupid product,,
I advice any customer to not take this product,,, I'm very angry with this one,, they're like steal me money to give me such this stupid product..."
The object arrived late and the package was dented. It was not what i was expecting, and a big waste of money.
It looks beautiful online, but it sat above my breasts (not large enough for a full figured bustline). X Large fits more like a small. Overpriced piece of shit.
It might have been a size 4 at best - really shoddy garment.
"Very disappointed in this Hanes product, very thin material and the closure is minimum so your Junk doesn't stay in.
Also the sizing seems to be somewhat small.
Not a good buy at any price.."
DO NOT BUY!!!  One of the sandal's straps broke after ONE HOUR of wear. Cheaply made. I wish I had read the one star reviews before I bought them- they all say the same thing.
Cheaply made. It feels cheap in your hand when you pick it up. The band is thinly stamped metal. This was expected from so inexpensive a watch but one of the push button controls for the electronic display broke in the first week. I would not recommend.
Hating it is extreme, but I more than "don't Like It." As a flight attendant, I need a bag to be functional and sturdy. I only used this bag twice, once from Detroit to Los Angeles, then back. I had it stuffed but it zipped fine, and I didn't even have it expanded. Then I couldn't pull the handle up! In order to get the handle up EVERY TIME, I had to unzip the bag and move the clothes around that were along the internal handle base. WHAT A HASSLE!!! When the handle was finally up and I was walking through the concourse, the button to retract the handle is so sensitive that with barely a touch, my handle collapsed while walking, making my bag nearly drop to the ground. The outer pockets are few and not functional like the pictures showed. There is a clip on attachment for a smaller bag. The fabric seems too small for the clip and as many times as I adjust the height of the pulley thing, it keeps extending back and my small bag drags on the ground. This bag is definitely not for someone who travels often for work as it doesn't seem able to withstand daily use and it actually makes travelling inconvenient. I am returning this ASAP! This was my first time buying TravelPro and I heard great things, but this bag cannot be one of them.
It is a cute backpack, however the straps hurt my daughter shoulders and there is no support for her back.
Nice shoes but they sent me men's size instead of womens:( had to return
Liked the fabric blend (dressier jeans).  Just too large in the waist.
I was not happy with the product fully. The earring are extremely small like they are ment for an infant to wear, the design and color I did like just the size was not cool with me.
only one week,chain fade like Fe
Do not buy this product.  You're better off with Barely There.  Their bras are much more comfortable for the price.
Not very good quality. I used it for 2 weeks and the side straps ripped off and the zipper broke. A plus was that it was spacious which is why i bought it.
I normally love most stuff that I purchase. These earrings. Do NOT waste your money. They are dull like unpolished silver earrings. But they can't be polished as they are stainless steel.  Seems like a great idea. But don't do it. Save your money.
I purchased these to block night driving glare & they don't do that. I also hoped that they would make vision sharper... nope!
Way too small and I got the largest one even the arms are tiny
other than being too small, they seem o.k.
Run small tight, very stiff leather not comfortable at all, even after wearing for weeks bad choice.
They were not useful at all.
Charm fell off first day
They were so stiff and hurt my toes
The reviews for this product were pretty bad, and the product lived up to it.  They are cute, but extremely cheap!!  My daughter is 7 months and they are too big on her.  I feel like they'll be big enough as she starts being able to walk, which then completely defeats the purpose.  Don't buy !
I just got mine in the mail yesterday and when I opened it, it did not work...
the colors are not even close to what is shown.  try: black, fire engine red, electric blue, concrete grey
When I first opened the package, I could definitely smell some strange scent on the leggings like other reviewers described. It's not terribly overpowering but, definitely give them a wash before wearing. Also, I am 5'3" and weigh 105lbs, I am petite and short. When I tried the leggings on the waist band had to be pulled up so high that the waist band sat about 1 inch below my chest! I have other pairs that cover my belly button but, none of them have ever sat so high on my body. The only pro about these leggings is the fact that they are super warm so, if you are tall get a pair. If you're anything like me, stay away.
Extremely small.  Cannot imagine how they will fit after washing! ?!
Way too long in the back for me, I'm 5'1 also came with a hole in it, will not purchase clothes off Amazon again because you really don't know what you're getting. Over priced,can't believe I paid $26 for a dress that had a hole in it :| Do not buy.
The gloves were too small, but when I tried to return them, amazon said they were inelligible for return. $17 down the drain.
I have worn/washed these socks a few times and I hate them! As another one star reviewer noted, they are not mostly cotton, but polyester. Therefore, they pill horribly, and don't clean well, besides not being very breathable.  I had  specifically searched for black cotton socks! Additionally, the gray areas are large and show dirt! I am often without shoes in my day to day life and don't want to be embarrassed by my socks!
These were my favorite ever reading glasses. They are very attractive, and easy on the eyes, and feel nice and solid. I have bought them repeatedly in stores, so perhaps this on-line batch is made differently. The problem is, the arms fall off after about a month or less, of use. The little screw comes out and is inevitably lost. I have a stack of four of these glasses and four of their arms without any of the little screws. I have tried replacing the screw and it comes right out again. The company, when called, offered to replace two of them, since its been longer than 30 days, and that's how long their warranty is. I think they should replace all of them, since its obviously a defect. They are all in perfect shape, except they fall apart.
"hello thank you for reaching out. I am so dissapointed in a couple of things. the first is that I ordered a size 8 and you sent a size 9 so there was no birthday gift for my granddaughter. I sent two requests via amazon to return the item and was told that the actual seller would get back to me...TO DATE NO ONE HAS REACHED OUT NOR HAVE I BEEN PROVIDED A WAY TO RETURN THE SHOES.

I am so very dissapointed as I've been a very very long time Amazon customer."
Junk
The corset is not leather, but a cheap pleather-type fabric.  Not at all like the picture.  And, if you're any taller than 5 feet, it will be too short-waisted.  Going straight to Good Will
"I have worn Dockers for years. In fact, they are my preferred slacks/pants for the office and casual wear. I ordered these cargo pants, expecting them to be Dockers' typical high quality. However, when they arrived I noticed that the fabric was thinner and seemed less durable than I was used to. The third time I wore them they tore while I was getting into my car. This wasn't a matter of a seam coming apart or getting snagged on something--the fabric simply parted. (And no, they weren't too tight.) I suspect there was a flaw in the fabric, as they could not have worn out.

I'm considering this an anomaly and will continue to buy Dockers, but this time I was disappointed and in the future I think I'll stick to buying from the local department store."
Is not as flexible as it should be
Fell apart as soon as I put it on 100% junk
I bought the first pair and was excited to feel how soft they were. After the first time wearing them I noticed a hole behind the logo in the back of the jeans. Not thinking much of it, I asked Amazon to exchange them for a new pair. Once again, I was amazed on how soft and comfortable they were...then they started to fall a part.  Within two times wearing them, the bottoms were already ripped, not caring too much because they're so comfortable, I decided to keep them. I wore them one more time and the fabric on the back side of my left thigh completely ripped. These by no means were tight. 3 times wearing them within 2 weeks and they were already destroyed. It's clear that Lucky Brand has sold out and started buying the cheapest material they can, and living off of brand recognition. These are worse than any no name brand I have ever worn.
although it's sold as fitted, it's rather big
2 different lengths. Disappointing.
The mechanism for setting the time is terrible. The crown must be completely disassembled to adjust the time, which is slow and difficult. I do not recommend this watch.
small for advertised size
This product arrived with a missing gem. I am very disappointed. I was looking toward to having it for the summer, and it wasn't even worth getting.
Many snags, nubs of yarn, etc throughout the sweater.  Poorly made, not a good bargain at all.  I cannot recommend this to anyone.
I took a risk with buying this kit because you can't actually see the contents of the packaging and it's definitely not worth the money. First, it came with super curly white hair - Einstein didn't have curly hair. You pull the wig out of the bag and half the hair falls out. Basically you're spending $15 for a cheap moustache because the wig is completely useless.
No pockets on a pocket T-Shirt!  Fit great, comfortable, but no pocket as advertised.
The bar was way to short and I'm not satisfied at all
"The blazer I ordered was honestly far from expected.
It was  awful and very low quality. Nothing to do with de picture at amazon.com. The picture ans description is misleading.
It was short, and small.
Unluckly I cannot return the blazer due to I am living in South America, and the courrier it much more expensive than the costo of it."
I go to school in north Florida and in the Winter and Spring time it's almost ALWAYS raining. I ordered these boots after trudging through the rain with wet feet one too many times. When they arrived, they looked like the ones in the picture but somehow they were different- they looked more cheaply made. But it was whatever, I didn't mind too much as long as they kept my feet dry. In light rain, they're great. But as soon as the weather got a little heavier and I had to step through puddles, my feet would somehow end up COMPLETELY drenched and I'd be walking around campus all day with wet, cold feet. The heel of the boot is added on to the bottom of the boot in a way that seems like it was an after thought. And it seems that they were glued on with children's glue because the heel is now half off and it allows water to seep into the boot. DON'T waste your money on this product if you need to wear your rain boots in rain heavier than a light drizzle. They are NOT worth your money. Spend a little more money and get a product that isn't going to leave you with frozen cold feet!
If I could give zero stars I would...it is not even a week into my daughters school year and it's already falling apart(zippers breaking and threads coming apart)...I do not recommend this product,  the worse part about it is the fact that my daughter really enjoyed the design...
they don't cause blistering but my foot is half on and half off tried different sizes ans tightenedthwy alao cause hip and leg pain
"For $35, I wasn't expecting a solid wood case.  But I wasn't expecting ""leather"" wrapped cardboard either.  Basically, this is a cardboard box wrapped with ""leather"" and a piece of thin plastic to view your watches through.  I would have been okay with it if it were not for the following:

-The cardboard is very flimsy.  The whole box warps when you try to open the lid.
-The plastic has wavy lines and permanent smudges in it, affecting your view of the contents.
-The ""leather"" corners of the box are worn.
-The ribbon used to keep the box lid from opening all the way will block the view of the watches on the left side when closed.
-None of the corners for the viewing window were cut straight.
-The ""leather"" is wrinkled in many places where there is an edge.

Unfortunately, I bought two of these things and both are of the poorest worksmanship.  The Dollar Tree Store would be ashamed to sell this thing."
Way too small for 3xl.
I read great reviews on this shoe at first, but after ordering i read that if you have a slightly wide foot these won't fit and thet were right. Mine are too tight and hAve to be returned.
Just do yourself a favor and stay away from this brand. I took a chance and bought a polo, this vest, and a pair of sweatpants. All of their clothes is just made to the cheapest standard. Expect it to rip and the stitching to come apart after the first use. After spending over $100 on 3 items, the sweatpants fell apart before even washing them, the polo was way too tight even buying the largest size and I am a skinny 5'9 150 lb man, and this vest just kinda sucks, the v neck opening is way bigger than the picture shows, making it look stupid to wear.. I urge you!!! Do NOT buy this brand.
Great in theory, do not withstand real world usage.  Broke less than 1/2 a day into use.  Save your money and look elsewhere.
Earrings are absolutely huge! Picture shown looks like a great size stone and wearable. The stone is so big they are all most unwearable, and the post need to be bent to try and attempt to keep the stone from sagging down on your earlobe. If your looking for a huge stone, this is the pair for you.  Back of earring is super tiny, I've never seen an earring with such a small clasp. It's challenging to push it thru the post because it's so tiny. You get what you pay for.
Too small. Ok if you buying it for your granny.
Shirts is fit but the design printing quality is pathetic and every time i am wearing it, its fading like hell
Ord mens got females every thing I have odered  has been wrong, , so stressful. Trying to send back cant get label  printed,  smh
Didnt fit right!!!!
Too strange! It does not go all up. Returned
Immediately after buying this product I went to India and the battery is not working now. I am not sure how to replace it.
"I bought it for a trip and I got it on time but it's way too small! Not true to size at all!
Very sad, I'll have to return it when I get back from my trip."
This garment does not fit right. The material is way to long it looks like a dress with no front to it. The material in the front is so narrow it want even cover the breast, it just hangs to the side. Around the arms fix way to tight, and it doesn't give you any room the move. I bought two different colors, and I wish I would have saved my money. It was a complete waste. Very poor design. The photo of it looks awesome, but if you could see it own a person. You would not buy it. I was very disappointed.
Width is not as labeled.  The stated width is 6E but in realty, it is more like a medium width.
Gave this to my daughter for Christmas. One day later , it is bent and one of the side stones fell out. I'm sorry, but this ring is crap!
Way too small I had to return it
These shoes were returned because the right shoe was not true to size.  It was almost one size smaller than the left one.  I ordered the same shoe-same size- in blue and they fit perfectly.  Also it took almost two months and two emails to get a refund from the seller.
Don't waste your money
Not a quality product at all.
I bought my husband's size and they were too small by about a full size.
"Horribly designed Travelpro Crew 9.  It stands straight upright and if packed to capacity, the luggage will TIP OVER THE FRONT.  Got horrible customer service when I called Travelpro to try to fix the issue.  No empathy on the other end and just told us to take it to luggage repair shop at our own expense.

DO NOT BUY THIS LUGGAGE if you want frustration-free travel experience.  I HATE HATE HATE HATE this piece of crap.  Stick with other models or better yet, other brands."
I bought these boots because they looked awesome in the picture. They arrived yesterday in awful condition. These boots looked they have been worn, they are of horrible quality. I know you get what you pay for, but 30.00 some dollars should bring new boots at least. I asked to return them as AMAZON always stand by their products and marketplace vendors but this vendor asked for pictures, which I sent and then told me to ship them back at my cost and under a traceable shipper! Whatever happen to customer service and quality products!!!!
Disappointed.  No comparison to Merrells. Merrells have better archs and much more confortable.
fell apart when received. it was too small and the skulls were coming off when I got them. do not buy.
The fit was not comfortable. The waistline was not comfortable and difficult to tighten. The inseam appeared crooked. The size was correct, but I did not like the overall design
Loved color, loved length, very scratchy, had to return it! So sad!!
Enormous pendant. Cheap looking. Was inexpensive so did not expect much but this is just horrid.
there were no diamons in the IP  cross
As a frequent buyer of cheap sunglasses, I have pretty low standards. I used to have an old pair of Panama Jack folding glasses that I loved and was hoping these would be similar... they were not. In fact, these are probably the most uncomfortable and unattractive sunglasses I've purchased. They did not get used beyond a 5 minute trial.
Cheap! Cheap! Cheap! Bought 2 for dance costumes and the bags already tore a little after 1 use!
Propet is a great brand in orthotics. But now I'm semi-paralyzed and have a metal back and neck, so a shoe has to slip on to point where I can easily get a long shoe slipper in. Because shoe is rubber, it folds in. Also too tight.
Cheap cheap quality. The entire sole came off
"Bought this for my boy, and even though he likes it and it looked great the first few times he wore it, the print has now started to flake.  I used to be a screen printer and this shirt was not screen printed, what they did is a direct to fabric print, which appears as a screen print when new, but is not nearly as durable.  For the price they are charging this SHOULD be screen printed.

Rip off artists that are tapping into the latest trends."
Would love to send them back !!!!
These turned out to run smaller than their size indicates and more narrow. I wore them once in hopes that they would stretch as indicated in other reviews but they did not and I could therefore no longer return them. Very disappointed in this product, especially for their price.
large
Cheap product, had it one week and it started ripping please don't purchase product cute but cheep. . Never will purchase again. ..
I loved the socks, which were a Christmas gift.  They fit just fine, but after being worn and washed just once, they have a hole in the gold heel. The hole is the result of a sewing defect, not worn through from use. Unfortunately, due to Amazon's short return policy on these socks, I can't exchange them for a new pair. Very disappointed!
Way too big and heavy, they were very pretty looking but when I got them they were just way too have and big.
My broke down the day I was trying to put it together.
it do comes with perfume.i think it's not a new one,maybe return from someone.disgusting
I was very disappointed in the bag. First off, it said a"shoulder bag". NO WAY. Secondly it said beige, NO WAY. I  can barely get the handles on my shoulder and I believe the color should be called BROWN NOT BEIGE as it is very dark. I am sorry I bought it but there was no paperwork to send it back so I feel that I am stuck with it. Not a nice bag, sorry.
I'm not sure if these are authentic. Mine came in a cardboard box with white tissue paper... Nothing that resembles jack Rogers style ... The shoes were clearly worn and then returned there was dirt stuck in the bottom ... Not sure how I feel about this... Can't confirm athuenticity.
very sheer and made cheaply.  when it came I put it on to see if I was going to keep it or exchange it.  there was a small hole over my left B@@B.  this was from the very first moment of trying it on.  the fabric was cheep and the price was low.  I took it off and threw it into threw it into the trash.  it was not worth the time or money to send it back.  very disappointed, needed it for work
"clark crap
soles are hard as steel
front straps are too narrow
absolutely no arch support
old target cheapies are far superior for $18"
Never received the bracelet I got a necklace instead and it was returned to Amazon was very disappointed with this item that was sent to me
wasnt the one i wanted gave it away what a waste of 10 bucks still have my od one but need a new one real soon
Disappointing!  These were a gift, so I will not appear as a verified purchaser.  ONE wash and they are falling apart!  That is crazy.  The unraveling is in the middle of the socks and will not appear in the photo.
The fit is not remotely close to anything resembling a sizing chart.  If you think this vest might fit you, don't bother buying, it won't.  I normally wear a large in most shirts, for shoulder fit sometimes XL, but the XXXL doesn't even come close to being a fit for a large.
I ordered 2 sizes bigger then what I wear and it was WAY to small! Not happy about it! I was so excited waiting for it too! Luckily I knew someone to give it to
Bad quality
Does not keep time well. The look is ok but looks cheap. You get what you pay for cheap and low quality
Tore like a panty hose after only a couple of uses.
The leather feels hard like, plastic, they were way too big, both across the top of my hand and too long. I want to send them back. I need to read the return stipulations.  I tried them on, then quickly put them back in their plastic wrap.
I was really excited when i saw this bracelet on here because a you tuber i watched always wears them. I was really excited because the colors where pretty colors just like the ones that my favorite you tuber wears. But when i opened my bracelet it was like ugly generic rainbow colors. It was nothing like how its described in the the description of this project and the picture. If i could get a refund or a bracelet with the correct colors that would be great. I would only recommend this project to someone who like ugly generic rainbow colors
I don't care for the ring at all.  It doesn't fit any of my fingers!  I ordered a size 7 and I wear a 6 on my ring finger.  I wanted this ring for the other hand.  It doesn't fit any finger.
I was disappointed with this PUMA shoe.  The on-line description/write-up stated it gave support for those of us with flatter arches.  Upon trying these on, it did not give any additional support in the arch.  Also, the back of the shoe allowed my heel to slip right out -- although it was my size.  There was no support to keeping my heel in the shoe.  I also took note upon receiving the product that it was not a "Voltaic 4 Mesh Cross-Training Shoe" but instead stated it was a PUMA "Wade Running Shoe."  The shoe was identical to what was shown in the picture -- but online definition of shoe was way off.  I returned this product immediately.  I think it's best to purchase this type product in the store so you can try it on -- versus online, unless, you don't mind going through the process of returning a product.  Amazon is great at doing quick and concise return transactions, as long as you provide them with all necessary information.
Comfortable but AWFUL quality. Two of the 5 pairs had the waistband come unraveled after the first wash. 2 additional (now four total) have come undone after 7-8 additional washes. Would not recommend to anyone.
Does not fit at all! So dissapointed.
Horrible purchase. I based my choice to buy from other reviews. This is not what they led me to believe.
Wore these only twice and the buckle broke!  Thought they would last me a little longer!
I wish I could give 1/2 star. Junk!
These are nothing at all like the original comfort soft waist band boxer briefs. The band seems to be regular elastic, and the fabric is exceptionally thin and cheap feeling.
Very cheap material
I bought these expecting the DOC to be of higher quality.  The sole separated from the shoe within a couple months of purchase.  I work in an office environment so they were not vigorously worn.  The yellow seam on the shoe is just that, its not affixed to the shoe, just the sole...  DON'T BUY !
Too large, poorly fit, looks dirty, looks old, the fabric feels cheap, the style doesn't look as cool as online.
Do not order from this guy trendy halloween! His expedited shipping option is a joke! My costume was supposed to be here on Friday october 28th, Ive tracked it and it is 46 miles away from me and will not be here till November 1!! Trust me do not order The Expedited shipping is a joke!
Boot is very narrow.  Ordered a 2E and it certainly fit like a normal width boot.  I am also being charged for the return shipping costs.  Disappointed.
Pretty but Cheap. After 2 days the diamond already fell off....
Horribly small fit.  I can't wear them :/
boots fit great. very comfortable. The one HUGE problem is boots say they are water proof & that is a joke. Live in San Diego Ca. & went out hunting recently in Dry weather with a little dew on the ground & feet were soaked in 10 minutes. Sprayed them with a water proof spray & still as bad. Rocky does not stand behind their product & guess I am stuck with boots that say they are waterproof but you cannot wear them in wet conditions. I will never buy ANY rocky product ever.
Took to long and too smsll
The tie was stitched together horribly to the point that it was falling apart already at delivery.  I had to take the tie get re-stitched to hold it together.
The shirt was cute but it was too small on the arms and too long on the back train part.
Returned vest. It was not a US XL.
Poor material and workmanship.  Ripped within a week worth of normal school use.
What I got was cheap what I paid was little. What else could I expect.
I haven't tried them.  The pewter are not to my satisfaction so I have not even tried the black.  Maybe I can find someone to give them too.
Put this shoe on, and instantly took it off. Really narrow, weird cut for me. They look great, but fit like a nightmare, returned the following day.
This is listed as black, but is absolute NOT black. It is more of an ashy dark blue. Disappointed.
Bad design! The top of the straps came out the first time my son wore these sandals. He hurt his knee! The design is like on flip flops! Why it is beyond me. Do not buy.
I have bought this same style and color for more than 5 years. Every year they make a few changes but the quality is still holds. The new design is awful. The elastic is very cheap and keeps coming down. They fit way baggier, to the point that they look like diapers. I couldn't return them because I had washed them before trying them on.
Arrived quickly and is a perfect fit.
I was sent the wrong watch, I ordered one and they sent me another. this is a bad serivce. :(
Had the bag for 1 week and its already torn at the zipper.
I ordered this to wear in my son's wedding on a April 25 and decided to wear it before the wedding to see how comfortable it would be.  It was comfortable, though not as tight as I'd hoped. I had worn this product only 2-3 times, and it developed a HOLE in the hip area!  REALLY?  Did I mention it wasn't tight enough?  And it developed a hole after wearing it 2-3 times???  For a product I paid over $75 for!  So now I have to throw it away!  I am NOT HAPPY!
Was very unhappy with this order. I ordered these for my husband and gave the glasses to him as a gift. After seeing him in photos I realized that the glasses shipped were small frames not large. It was too late to return being that he had already wore them. He says they felt small although didn't realize they were the small ones until he saw photos of himself in them. I will reorder for him from another vendor,
My first mission belt was a great purchase. I had kept this second one in the box it came in until I needed it. When I opened it, the belt unfortunately had a large scratch in the middle of the belt itself. This made the entire thing look defective. Sorry but should check product before sending it out to a customer who really liked the belt and brand
This was far too small and a different material than the other one I ordered - so hit and miss what you are going to get.  This was polyester/rayon blend - sleeves were 4 inches too long (seriously I'm 6' tall) and the rest was FAR too small - maybe 1 or 2 sizes smaller than what was listed.
My boyfriend ordered the black bag with silver hardware for me, but we received one with gold hardware, so returned it. I want to order again, but I'm wondering whether I will get the good hardware again.
I read the reviews and thought: was buying the most durable long lasting water shoes available,.. however, this pair started unraveling at the top seams after the first day.  I'll probably report this to Amazon to see about a return/refund.
"Worst waste of money in a very long while.
I can only review what i, personally have received and dealt with; so, here is what I have to say:
Anyone who truly values a watch wants an accurate timepiece; this is NOT one of those. This worthless (and quite ugly) watch lost 5.37 minutes (5mins. and 37secs) in 7 days. That is worse than the worst $10 knock-off watch that I have ever seen. Literally, I have W^^-M^^t watches that keep much, much more accurate time.
But, I get ahead of myself. The FIRST watch I got in the mail was already overwound and refused to work, no matter what I tried. Amazon customer service was excellent. They sent a new watch before I had the chance to return the original. I can't tell you how much I appreciated the young lady on the other end of the line. She couldn't have been more polite and helpful. I only wish that I could remember her name so that I could give her the accolades she so richly deserves. (I have, like most of you, had to deal with customer service at other places- they couldn't compare.)
Back to the review.. So, back it went.
When the replacement got here I wound it thinking, like most, that a 19 jewel $600 retail watch would probably keep decent time. Hah! Over the course of seven days it lost 5 minutes and 15 seconds. Crazy slow, huh? So I took it to a local watchmaker (believe it or not, there are a few left) to adjust, but even he has failed to get the watch to keep anything like accurate time.
[By the way: The back comes off with an eyeglass style screwdriver, and the slot is almost directly beneath the winding stem.]
One last thing- looking at the cheap insides (plastic ""shock ring"" instead of brass), the cheap-LOOKING outside, and the overall quality of the make of this watch I can truly say, after having had two, that I wouldn't give $5 for this let alone the $600 that the website claims."
Had to return these - one earring would not clasp.  Returned them and as usual Amazon was easy to work with and I was credited immediately.  It could have been that one was just slightly bent which can happen but I could not get it to close properly.
Shirt came with emblem printed crooked and also says Karate Kid at the bottom which totally ruins the point of the shirt and it was light blue in color.
"I ordered these pajamas for my nephew for Christmas. They arrived just in time, I had them shipped to his house and although the receipt in the box said Dinosaur Kigurumi, they actually sent COW!

It was too late to get a replacement for Christmas but he is a 12 year old boy and he will probably not be wearing a Cow. The quality of the pajamas was good but extremely disappointed to get the wrong product."
It took forever to come and they hurt like hell they are too big for my African American nose I do not recommend
i received the package and it was a big disappointment. the skirt was poorly made. it was too puffy and round. nothing like what it shows in the picture.
Honestly I have no idea why I bothered to buy this. It looks much more tacky in real life. The material felt like really weird spandex.
I have to tell you, at first... when I first put it on, I was very happy with this bra..was very comfortable and seemed to give good support... BUT.. at the end of the day, the FIRST day.. the girls were sagging and bouncing all over the place...it seemed that the straps had stretched out.. I thought in the picture that the straps were adjustable, but they are not... I think this may have helped if they WERE adjustable.. maybe my breasts are too big and needed more support.. I'm a D to double D... depending on the bra.. BUT i bought this bra because it claimed to be good on support... I relied on the really good reviews it got as well.. maybe the other women wrote their reviews immediately before it stretched? I don't know... but I might as well be wearing nothing
My  lipsticks or no make up fit in the wholes.  They were to small
Bad quality, one shoe fits good but the other is very bad and uncomfortable, I would expect this with $20 shows. I would never buy shows from Amazon again
"Had for about 2 weeks, carrying a moderately heavy load, and already the mesh material of one of the side pockets is coming apart from its elastic. 2 weeks old, and I've got two growing holes.
Other than that, I love everything about this bag."
I loved the deess but after only wearing it for a few hours the seam in the right arm split from just above the wrist to under the arm pit. Very disappointed
Shirt arrived with what I assume are make up stains all across the front. Sent back for refund. Had to pay for return shipping. Very disappointing
Too narrow...not true to size
NOT TRUE TO SIZE, I BOUGHT FOR MY SISTER AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT, VERY DISAPPOINTED. AND STILL WAITING FOR MY REFUND.
Did not have a zipper and could not return :(
It broke as soon as I put it on
too heavy and clumpy for everyday wear.  So sad that because they look so goofy, I spent that much and cant wear them
Cheap
I wouldn't even give this one star if i could ... It riped the first night my son wore it very cheaply made!!!
I have ordered 3 pairs of Wallflower jeans.  Two of which are not made evenly.  The rear seam goes to the left buttcheek and is not centered.  Such a waste of money, of course I had not realized this until they had been wore and unreturnable.  This brand of jeans may seem priced faily, but spend a little more on a brand that doesn't look like a size 12 on one cheek side and a 14 on the other cheek.
It fell apart first time used  Cheap  Very cheap*  It was a gift and I was so a shame I bought this.
i love the idea but the material is cheap, the zipper broke from the first time use.
So very disappointed in the construction. the shoe was listed as "perforated leather" the entire shoe was synthetic. Would've been great had it been constructed from leather!
I've worn Casio digital watches for 30 years, so this is a switch because it's analog. This is a nice looker, but not for dressy occasions. I love that the hands can be read in the dark so you can see the time. Other Casios flash a light for a split second that isn't long enough to read the time. As usual the manual is a step above useless. The date window is very small and difficult to read. The day of the week is indicated by a dial on the bottom of the watch, which is even harder to read. The alarm, DST, world time, timer indicators -- and something else -- are all crammed into this same window. The window -- as is the top one -- is impossible to read when the hour or minute hand covers it. The top window is for "temperature," but what temperature in a mystery. Plus it's it's also very difficult to read. At the 9 o'clock position is a window with "Casio MVT" imprinted in it. Idiotic and a slap in the consumer's face. This window should've been used for the day of the week, and making that easy to read plus making more room for the junk in the bottom window. When I began writing this review, I'd given the watch 3 stars. After recalling for myself its many flaws, you can see what happened to those stars. Believe me, you can get a far better Casio at a fraction of the price.
It looks cheap. I will not purchase from your company in the future. Sorry
They are extremely big. They look like a man's sandal. I have boots by doc martens and they don't look as big as these sandals. I sent them back!
have been out of diapers for about 50 years so I have a generally good idea about quality and fit.  of the 8+ brands I have been through, these are the worst - clearly a manufacturing spec problem as Hanes is a great name in the undergarment industry.
I ordered two of these, by accident, for Christmas.  The wristband is cheap and already falling apart on the one given as a gift.  The clasp for the wristband was apart when I got it, I put it back together thinking it might be okay, but it keeps falling apart.  The clasp was actually broken when I got it, but I thought maybe the pin had just sprung and needed to be put back in again - not the case.  The second one has a better working wristband, but it's scratched so the pretty pink is scrapped off a little in one part.  One watch was able to keep time when I got it, the other must have had a dead battery because it doesn't move.  I plan on seeing if a new battery will help.  Both watches have crooked faces on them, so the "12" is slightly offset to the left as you look at the watch.  I guess you get what you pay for.  I would also mention that it was shipped from China, I believe, which wasn't a huge deal but it took awhile to get the watches so it was good that I ordered it a month in advance.  Over all I would say don't waste your money on this one.  You can purchase better watches on Amazon, and although they may cost a little more, it's well worth it.  I bought a couple other watches as gifts and they came working and in good condition.  They are also more sturdy and although they cost twice as much, that's still pretty cheap considering this Hello Kitty watch was only about $4 or $5.  You'll get more bang for your buck spending a little more.  At this point I'm going to have to try and find a different one for my child so I can replace this one.  Not happy about that.
definitly none non slip shoes i keep on slipping with this shoes!!
buenas nocches hace un par de semanas compre este producto, el vendedor no encontro el casillero, y aun no me han recargado el dinero a la cuenta, cuales son los pasos a seguir
Good looking shoe (for the price), good fit, and lightweight.  The reason for the one star is the awful smell of the fake leather. It may go away but I'm not waiting to find out.
Beautiful watch but it has never kept time. I thought maybe it needed to charge since its solar, but nope-that didn't help. I'm sad because my husband really wanted to get me a nice gift, but this watch appears to be junk and I can't return it now. very disappointed.
Had to return them-way too small and uncomfortable. Ordered a different style as I love Merrel but just not these hikers!
broken  - nothing nice about it
I was discolored very quickly and it was annoying
I bought this watch on November 23 2012 (Back Friday weekend) on a special "Deal of the day" for $79.74.  Today, December 5th 2012, the regular price is only $54.99.  I feel cheated.  The Deals of the Day are really deals?  The watch is made in China, not a great product anyway.
Within two weeks the stones fell out.  I looks very pretty when you first receive it.  Not well made and isn't worth the purchase price.
Looks like a weird demon fox cat.
The watch was everything I wanted except, the watch was fake. It had clasps to open the watch, the real one does not, also the"stainless steel" words were not fully printed on the watch. I returned it.
"For reference: bought in size large for my son who is 5'10"", 160 lbs.

I'm giving the Baja hoodie I received one star due to the poor quality control of the manufacturer.
The hoodie is profoundly irregular. The arm length is too long in proportion to the torso, it's longer in the front than in the back, longer on the left side than the right, and the front pocket is sewn on crooked. I think the pocket was my favorite part.

Weve had 3 decently made Baja hoodies prior to this and know this is not the typical quality. Nevertheless, I think at some point during the assembly process someone should've inspected /detected that this particular hoodie was very poorly made and never allowed it to be labeled, tagged, folded neatly & placed in product packaging to be sold.
After I got over being upset I did have a good laugh over it so that's something."
I thought I purchased new sandals but the pair I received had clear signs of wear. Very disappointing, not something I expected from Amazon.
Cheaply made.
Died in about 2 minutes. Switching out the little batteries is a chore. Clasp to keep it closed won't work.
Terrible quality. Paper thin, doesn't grip to itself very well and comes loose and it is sewn wrong, by that I mean there is a run in it that causes it to be perpetually scrunched up on one side at any given time. This is a Halloween costume tie and a bad one at that.
They do not fit to feet. They are straight instead of curved and feel weird. They don't stay on well and I injured my ankle the first time I wore them.
My wife has informed me the stone has fell out of the setting. The quality is not good.
These bras are horrible! They have absolutely NO support and the material is flimsy. Am gravely disappointed and would never never purchase again.
"First off, let me say that I'm obviously a adventurous dresser--this probably goes without saying since I ordered this hoodie. The styling is quite unique and could probably best be described as ""urban wear"". It will most likely appeal to guys who are adventurous when dressing. Too bad that it isn't made better...

The material is synthetic and looks very cheap.  I get it, they're trying to keep the price down, but there is synthetic fabric out there that looks and feels much better than this, which just looks completely inorganic--i.e. it looks like something that would never occur in nature.  I don't care for fabrics that look like they're manmade.  The technology is there to make these fabrics look more natural, but it is not at work here.

The other problem for a guy like me who wears about a size 38 jacket is the size of the lapel. For a larger man, this would probably not be an issue, but with all of the Doublju jackets and hoodies I ordered I felt overwhelmed by the sizes of the collars and lapels--they are just esthetically and proportionately too large for a small to medium sized guy. The result was that I looked like I was ""all collar"" in the pieces I tried--particularly this one. It appears that they have not compensated in the design of their smaller pieces by narrowing the collars and lapels to be proportionate, resulting in a rather weird appearance.

As I said in the header, the design and fabric quality is reminiscent of the old International Male catalog pieces. It might look good in a one dimensional photo, but it really looks rather cheap when you see it in person.

Lastly, the sizes of the Doublju pieces are all over the place. I tried a variety of sizes--some fit, some didn't, and there seemed to be no rhyme or reason to the sizing. A size Large in one style would fit me, while another required an XL, and then a Medium would fit everywhere but in the forearms. I tried this particular jacket in a size Small because I like a hoodie to fit me snugly, and it was about a size too small--except for the collar, which was HUGE!  Not a good look."
"needed larger size
through out the product as i am disabled and not able to package it for return
looking at other brands"
These shoe was like plastic shoes, they run larger than fit to size. Wasn't as they look on line. Very disappointed. This is a return for sure. Don't waste ur time
I purchased two swimsuits at the same time three month ago.  Another one was from costco.  Now this one, which claim lasts 5 to 10 times longer than traditional lycra, is become very loose while the other one is still good.  Very bad quality and expansive.
Garbage
My wife ordered me one previously on Zulily, and it was made better then this one. The one I received from Amazon is made different and the push button for glow in the dark doesn't work.
I would give this 0 stars if I could. The watch pictured includes seconds on the dial, however, the watch I received does not have seconds. The reason I purchased this watch is so my nephew could learn to tell time and it was on his wish list. This was a Christmas gift and now I can't give it to him. I will have to return it. Extremely disappointed.
"Okay, so I don't usually leave negative reviews but I think this one deserves it. In fact, this is my first negative review on Amazon.

The gems were VERY cloudy... They didn't look like diamonds at all. It was also VERY poorly packaged. No professional packaging/cover and there was a tag on the necklace that read, ""Made in India"". This was a gift for my fiance. I was so embarrassed because I didn't open it before giving it to her and she thought I got her some cheaply made necklace. (I mean, ""Made in India"" plus the cloudy ""diamonds"" would do it.)

I ended up refunding the item."
The second time I used the zipper to open it, the  zipper handle broke off--no way to attach it, so it's in the trash
Straps at toes do not hold the small toe.
Lasted 2 days before the inserts started folding and bunching up. Ordered two pair, will be returning the second pair!
Stringy
Didn't fit and material didn't feel right
At first they were comfy but they squeaked a lot! I thought it would go away as I wear the shoes more but I was so wrong! They make my feet smell HORRIBLE too..
"Longtime Tsukihoshi buyer for both my children. This product was FAR below their normal quality. After the first few days of use I noticed the tread on the bottom of one shoe is ungluing and the front tonque is doing the same. I'm very disappointed an wish I could get a replacement or credit but the shoes are no longer ""brand new"".

I'm not sure why these were defective, but I hope this does not portend anything about the overall quality of Tsukihoshi shoes."
Beautiful but broke after 3 hours of wearing it!
These are not 100% cotton! Very bad material. Do not buy.
I do not recommend it quickly lost color and was disappointed
I do not like it. The cut does not have the right proportions . I will not be buying this anymore , it will be usefull in the garage to clean my tools.
Larger than other ariat
The description is very deceiving. I thought that it's lined in Sherpa but it's just the collar. Very flimsy. Returned it back.
I ordered a size 4 and came so large like a size 7!!!!!! it was a joke!, I return it inmidialty
While it is not high quality (I wasn't expecting that based on the price) it is cute.  I followed the size chart and ordered a large but it was way too small.  I am going to have to send it back.
Bad quality, never mentioned it had sequined sparkles in it. Came with pulls in the yarn. Just bad, poorly made and not a happy customer.
After just two uses, the stitching around the nose area has come undone. Furthermore, the reviews mentioning that the nose area is too tight are absolutely correct. Too tight, and not good quality. To be fair, it's only $12.
I have used Danner boots for years, just another style, but I couldn't afford buying two pair right now (I always buy two pairs and alternate every day). I liked the reviews and thought I'd give these a try, but that was a mistake. I think these boots are made of paper, and I'm sure the box they came in is sturdier, I didn't even try these on, too know they are not up to any real task. If you're looking for really unusual house slippers, or just need something that looks like boots, then these will work for you. If you need real boots that can withstand the job, I recommend Danner 15404 boots.
"Leather is damaged, scuffed and scratched before I took it out of the box.
They fit great and my foot slid right in but this pair is flawed. Large noticeable hole punched through the shaft for the tag.
Needed them for today, now I have to decide on returning them or keeping a damaged pair since I took the tags off then noticed the large hole. Not happy at all."
Didn't stay up.
I noticed that this product wasn't packaged well and seemed to have been used. It didn't come with instructions and I can't set it. I wouldn't even know how or where to return it if I wanted to.
Cheaply made, fall apart within the first hour of wearing it.
They're very pretty.  However, I wore them one day to the office (sitting most of the time) and gave them away to someone else that evening because they hurt my toes so much.  They were definitely wide enough, maybe a little wide, but something about the design made them rub my little toes to the point I couldn't wait to take them off.
broke
This shoe does not work for me at all.  It is hard and stiff.  If I had not tried it on the road a few times to see if it would break in, I would have returned it to Amazon.  I have been wearing ASICS for years because they were the most comfortable for my feet.  These feel like they were made by a different manufacturer.  Might work for you, but my feet say "ouch."
I've ordered two pairs of these shoes from two different suppliers and both pairs were either damaged or looked shop worn.  I returned both pairs.  The shoes are really comfortable and would be cute if they didn't have a damaged finish.  The leather was faded and scratched in places on both pairs.
This is just awful.  Two different people have tried changing the country.  It did not come set-up for USA and the directions were obviously written by someone that doesn't speak English. This is supposed to be radio controlled... yeah right.  This watch does not work and the talking voice does not announce the same time that is on the watch. I bought this as a gift for my Dad whom has limited vision. My Dad does not like the male voice on it.  I don't blame him, it is horrible.  What a piece of junk.  This needs to go back.
Not authentic fell apart within 24 hours
I know birkinstocks are not really supposed to be 'attractive' per se.  But these are just really icky. The worst part is that the elastic top band hit at a point on the top of my foot where it pushed a bunch of skin up towards my shin and it made it look like I had rolls of fat on the top of my foot.  VERY unflattering.  The colors too are off from what's pictured and are more of a glaring neon.  Comfy though-but not comfy enough to overcome that ankle fat thing!
I loved the fit and look of these shoes....then the second time I wore them the left shoe came completely unraveled and ruined them I would not trust the durability of these shoes:(
This bra had really short straps. I'm over 6'2 I can't wear a short bra strap. This was a complicated over the head put on bra. I sent it back. It was awful
I did not get the shoes i picked shown in the pictures. Beware!!!!
Not matte
Product quality was far inferior to  a locally procured pair.  This is no where near the quality of previous pairs.  Very disappointed.  Product received appeared to be counterfeit.
The fit is very nice. Too bad they are far from waterproof. I used these on a weeklong fishing trip in Wisconsin. Too bad every time it rained I got soaked. My columbia rain jacket worked great, but these pants left my legs dripping wet. I waited too long to return them to Amazon, but I have contacted Grundens to see if they will do anything about it. Not a good product.
gave it to my fat friend
"Update 12/22/2015: These pants have now had three washings, one of them with the pants inside out, and I'm still inundated with the lint from the inside. Three issues: 1. the inside fleece is white, the pants are charcoal. The white shows up everywhere, especially when the outside seems are not finished properly/professionally. So you can see hints of white at the corners of the pocket flaps and the pockets themselves, and other areas. 2. none of the inside seems are finished -- along the pockets, flaps, inside leg seams, etc. So the lining continues to unravel and thus the white lint everywhere, constantly. And 3. the seams themselves are starting to unravel. My wife had to patch up an actual hole along the leg seam at the hip; also some of the pocket seams have also begun to unravel, which she had to fix as well. I suspect after every washing (and now I plan to wear them infrequently so the pants don't have to be washed as much) my wonderful wife will be touching up seams.  I bought two pair of these -- haven't washed the second pair yet -- and had set them aside to return but my wife talked me out of that: she said that she spent the entire year searching for this style of pants and only found these on Amazon, and that she was willing to keep patching up the pants just so that I had a couple pair to wear.

Bottom line, be prepared for lint (if the interior is white; the blue pair I bought has blue lining so the lint/lining won't be as visible), for the lining to be visible on corners/edges, and be prepared to patch up seams, assuming you don't want the pants to fall apart.
---------
First point: DO NOT wash these sweatpants with any other items for at least the first three or so washings. And when you do wash these, hopefully you will have a large lint roller on hand. The white inside fleece will be everywhere, even stuck to the velcro on the *closed* pockets! The pants are great, albeit baggy, but it tested my patience after the first wash, having to pick off all the fleece lint. After I washed them in cold water, I dried them for about 20 minutes, then turned them inside out and dried for about 10 mins, then turned them right side out again and dried for another 10 mins. The second time I washed in warm water and I think they did shrink a wee bit, but they are still baggy,which is okay. The second washing wasn't as bad as the first, in terms of lint, but I still used about ten sheets on the lint roller. The other issue I have is the pull tab on the ankles: if I pull them tight enough the cord sticks out enough that one could catch their pantleg on anything around them. So, I pull the tab as far as I can, double knot the cord, and then stretch it back out -- all before I put on the pants; the pantlegs now fit just right and the cord isn't sticking out like crazy. Still like these sweats -- haven't been able to find these in the stores for a few years, and the one pair I had had worn through both knees, so this was a real treat finding these. Bought two different colors, in fact."
not heavy and not warm. junk
Pitted and very cheap looking, returned to Amazon.
Our baby is boy but they sent  us 1 pair of pink colored sock .they should give us choice to choose what color and design we like not them choosing for us by just giving them gender of our baby..not good idea...
Hahahaha!!!! This is hilarious!!!! What. A.Joke!!! I wouldn't wear this on my shoes if you paid me! This is nothing even close to louboutin red. It's clown red orange. Pathetic trying to cut it out yourself too. I'm very crafty and there's not a chance you'll ever get the right cut. It's just a long drawn out mess and ruins your shoes. I took it off after wasting 45 minutes trying to get it on 1 shoe- the look is awful!!!!!!
I was super excited to have this cute bubble umbrellas for when it rains on campus. When it came in it was made out of very cheap material and it was not even shaped like a bubble umbrella. Very very disappointed
Not happy to small
This sweater is very thin and the knitting very large--in a word, awful.  I am returning it.  Really disappointing as the other cashmere sweaters I ordered are gorgeous.  Not the same manufacturer though.
As you can see from the picture how shirt is supposed to look, it sure isn't what I received as you can see, also my first review was removed<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Disturbed-Up-Your-Fist-Mens-T-Shirt-In-Black-Size-Large-Color-Black/dp/B009JOJEWS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Disturbed - Up Your Fist Mens T-Shirt In Black, Size: Large, Color: Black</a>
"Broke less than a minute after it was opened!
Looks like a good product put give it to a 3 year old and it was snapped right in two in less than a minute!"
Cheap
Very disappointed....my daughter tried on shoe - five steps later one of the plastic buckles that nylon strap goes through broke making sandal totally useless. Sent back.
the top was good but the bottom was way to small its riding up on me im a 3x and i wish they had a 4
Not at all like I expected.  No support whatsoever.  Not at all like the one it replaced.
The size is too large
poorly made.  I zipped it up and the zipper fell apart.  The seams ripped and my son was unable to wear it for his costume.
these shrink like crazy, they fit just fine when I just got them, and now I can't. They should really advertise post shrink size so people don't waste their money. I suggest two sizes up on waist. I didn't even put them in the dryer, just cold wash and hang dry.
The purse was bent out of shape due to packaging when it arrives. It won't stand up and the sides are pushed in. The picture is not how my purse looked when it arrived.
Very cheap mask.  This is a disposable party mask, not something for someone who wants a really nice mask.  The band isn't adjustable and is very cheap.  The mask is cheap plastic and very flimsy.  Even the padding:  check this out--the padding consists of two styrofoam shipping peanuts.  One peanut for the forehead and one peanut for the chin.  I have 3 masks, the other two are very nice.  I bought a black/bronze resin mask on Amazon and a really, really nice resin mask on blackblok dot com.  If you're willing to spend $30-$50 for a really nice mask, I'd go elsewhere.  I paid about $10 for this mask and it honestly isn't worth more than $3 to me.
very short! I am very disappointed with this shirt
Ring size was way to big
I am very disappointed in this product. I received a misprinted shirt. The ninja designed was printed on the wrong side of the shirt AND upside down. i will never buy from this company ever again.
The threading is already coming off the bottom of the sweatshirt. I am very disappointed.
Darn, I need to buy clothes that I can actually see/try on. I'm giving myself one star for bone headed mistake. At least some one at goodwill will now have some brand new underwear.
It is oddly shaped
My husband wears 36 x 32, but these were more like 40 x 32; they were huge!  Very disappointed, as the style and quality are good, so will try to order 32x32 instead.  Wish me luck!
I think you should re-visit your sizing charts.
Much smaller than size
"I'm very angry about your mistake with my new balance shoes !!!! I select size by European sizes and I needed 36 size , so I choose ''6'' what means 36.5, but you sent to me TOO LARGE SIZE, and am so mad about this !!! Please sent me a new shoes with my size which I choose without changing !!!!!!
Please tell me how to be with this problem and how many days should I wait for a new shoes?"
Item was too small would like to return for a bigger size.
I bought these about 4 months ago from the Sanuk store, probably the most comfortable pair of sandals I've ever owned. Why 2 stars then? Because in 4 months of daily wear I've worn all the way through the top sole already. Granted I live in Southern California so they get a lot of use, and I'm a hockey player /Referee so my feet are rough from time in skates, but still, 4 months isn't a very long lifespan in my opinion
too big
Gave it away to someone much smaller than me. Don't waste the dinero even if it is cheap.
They are very thin and made very small.
The is almost no arch support and are very uncomfortable. Very disappointed in this shoe, I will not be buying any more of this brand.
Lasted just long enough that it was past the point of Amazon accepting a return.
Shoe itself was really nice, and my sister loved them, BUT, it was just the shell, no insert and had to return!  Crazy!
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Shoe-Cleaner-by-Pink-Miracle-8-Oz-Bottle-Kit-Fabric-Cleaner-Solution-For-Leather-Whites-Nubuck-Boots/dp/B00A7NDT3A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Shoe Cleaner by Pink Miracle 8 Oz. Bottle Kit Fabric Cleaner Solution For Leather, Whites, Nubuck Boots</a>
waste of time and money...  did not clean at all as advertised, damaged fabric of running shoe with stiff brush they supplied (rubbed too hard in futile attempt to clean shoes?) Better off just using Simple Green all purpose cleaner, which environmental green too. Not sure why the positive accolades here...."
They fit as expected but every time we adjusted the strap it left a rust/brown mark on the white which I had to scrub out because we didn't have enough time to reorder.
Was not a good fit thought they was big and tall so the shirts was somewhat small needed to be tall
Poorly made so I returned and had to pay return postage.
don't be fooled by the picture....can fit a small hand towel, extra set of clothes and sneakers, locker, and small water bottle.  That's about it.  If  you need it for larger items, go with the bigger size.  I might return mine.
I bought the ring for my 25 year old daughter and it broke after three days.  I guess you get what you pay for.
These are way to BIG. Not happy with these glasses at all.
"This is the first time I am buying soft walk and it has left me disappointed.  My shoe size is 11M.  This is what I purchased and it does not fit at all.  My foot does not even go in.  The front is too small.  I am now left with a pair of shoes that do not fit on my hands.  It is more costly to return than to purchase.

I am extremely disappointed"
NOT A STANDARD X LARGE FEELS LIKE A SLIM FIT WOULD LIKE TO RETURN FOR A REFUND
These were awful. I've ordered many plain black, cheap boots before. They are my favorite go-to shoe for all occasions. These, however, were hideous. They were almost round in the front/toe area. They were also too small for me. You typically see that issue with Kids shoes,  not adult sizes. I sent these back immediately.
I regularly wear 4 size, I requested this skirt but it is too large. I could't imagine that this product would't fit me. Could you exchange it??
Did not receive Cherokee brand.
I am a size L but can be rather big busted while pregnet and nursing.  So i got this in an XL but it still did not have enough room in it bust
Weird fit. Cheap material
Nice looking shirt but  Sequins was scratchy on the inside and I was unable to wear it. Also runs small.
I got this as a gift for a friend and she said the tiny clasp was frail and lost the charm after 3 days. :( was not what I thought it was going to be like.
not as pictured I bought 2,  neither have a wide neckline or are flowy. they are fitted at waist. not what I wanted.
These are extremley uncomfortable and do not fit properly. Zero ankle support. They also look and feel extremley poorly made, which is a shame because other Danner boots seem to be made to a much higher standard.
This is a medium ? It was far too big so I shipped it back to the states at my own expense. Pity because it was well made and was exactly what I wanted in a smaller size.
The emerald fell out the first day she put it on.
The clasp is so small on the necklace that I can't put it on.  It seems to be more of a child's size necklace
These sandals broke 32 days after I received them, 2 days outside the return period.  And the manufacturer would not stand behind them.  I don't think that a pair of $100 sandals should have the center toe strap pull out in just over a month, but apparently the manufacturer thinks this is acceptable...
Faded and stretched out super fast. It also faded strangely with darker spots on the chest and crotch regions (!?) Bought a much lower priced suit from another Amazon vendor and it lasted 4x as long. My husband says he'll use it for an American Gladiator costume, so, at least there is that.
Cheesy fabric. Too thin
Teva screwed with a classic time proven design to give me this. Instead of the one strap across foot front, now there are 2 for no valid reason. It chafes whereas my prior Teva never chafed and I have worn priors hiking and walking all over Boston for miles. This is no good and I will be defecting to other brands now.
Terrible
Hurts my right foot, and tried to give them to a friend but she said it made her feet look too long.  The toe area looks longer than what the photo shows.  I plan to send them back.
The lenses are so dark I cannot even look in the mirror to see how they look on me (because that's how dark they are).
Very weird.
This is a "get what you pay for" situation. It smells bad; like lead. I won't wear it as I'm concerned about what it's made of.
Everything was what I was looking for; except the clasp. The slightest touch would cause the clasp to open. Disappointing because if the clasp doesn't work, then it doesn't matter how good everything else is.
I loved these earrings and they've already broken after 2 months. The latch broke on the one earring. So disappointed.
I recive a wrong hat a red one with football on fire.....
Worst buy i had, very poor quality
These pants are petite and by that I mean teeny, shorty pants. I normally wear a size 4-6; these pants barely fasten and fall short well above the ankle. It is irritating that the seller does not indicate that they are petite.
They look pretty but there not comfortable to do Zumba in :( ......I got Nike free runs instead .....
The fit was okay but they is a logo in aa weird place above the knee in WHITE. Which from a distance looks like a piece of lint. Why ruin navy pants with a logo.
These fit great. But the soles seperated from the boot in the first two months.. 
I would recommend this product only to those who are looking for child costume jewelery. The diamond is so small as to be nearly invisible.  Foolish of me to buy.  If you read this and otherwise purchase for anyone other than a child you are more foolish.
"I decided to spend a little more money and get my son a backpack that would last the entire year. Typically, I have bought the backpacks around $10 at our local store, but within a few months the zippers die. So, I end up purchasing 2-3 packs per year because of this issue. This year I thought I would spend a little more money and get a backpack that would last the entire year. My son loved the design and was so excited about it that nobody was allowed to touch it and he was extra careful with it. Two weeks into school the front pocket in the bottom corner has started to detatch from the ribbing and slowly shred up the front. He has only kept a very light folder and water bottle in the main pocket and his snack in this front pocket. There is no reason it should be shredding already. I am going to attempt to use duct tape on the inside of the pocket, but it will be a temporary fix. It is an awkward corner to get tape to stick.

So, I give this backpack a one because I paid more for it to last and it will last even less than my previous buys with the faulty zippers. 2 weeks of use is simply not enough."
That's a beautiful watch! HOWEVER, took it out of the drawer one far and found out that seconds arm stopped moving. Consequently, the watch is now worthless.
I liked the looks of the shoes very much, and ordered them in my size, but when I put them on, there was too much space at the heels, so the heels slipped very much every time I took a step.  I wanted to return them for a smaller size (size 8,M), but they said they were out of that size, so I just had to return them, as I couldn't wear them.  They were to be a gift to me from my daughter, and I had used a gift card to get them, but then I had to pay postage in order to send them back.  I didn't think that was fair, as I had ordered my size, and they should have fit me in that size.  It was not my fault that I had to return them.  I might try to get them through another Amazon shoe connection, but I will wait first to see if I get a return for what they were worth - and perhaps also the return postage.  When are you going to get these shoes in size 8,M?  I've waited and waited, and Clarks presents even fewer number of sizes in this style. Why?  I would think they would quickly have more sizes made and available in a hurry, as it is a nice style.  Get with it, Clarks!
I ordered a size 12 but I got a pair of shoes with different sizes. The left foot was 10.5 and the right foot 12. it beats me how they make these mistakes. I'd send it back even if I'm going to send it from Africa.
After reading some reviews about these shoes, I thought I would try them. I bought these shoes because I thought they would work well for work or for every-day walking or exercising. I was impressed with how lightweight the shoes were and how well they fit my feet. I am not sure I am too impressed with the barefoot experience. I thought these shoes were rather uncomfortable. There is not much to the sole and it really does feel like a barefoot experience. They have good arch support, but there is not much cushion for the rest of your foot. After wearing them for 10 hours at work, I decided they would not work for me. I am on my feet all day long, and they just do not provide the comfort I am looking for. I would not buy another pair of these shoes. I'm not a runner but I bet they would work well strictly for running because they are so lightweight.
Gave to my sister as a gift.  Fell apart on the first day.  It was so embarrassing.
Too snall
"Even though I ordered the same size as another pair that I've had a couple of years, this pair is uncomfortably smaller and stiffer.  The straps are tight and they're a bit shorter and narrower.  WTH??  They're also covered in some slippery, oily film that was gross on the bottom of my feet.  They also don't seem as cushy as my current pair of the exact same style.  These just aren't as good as the old pair.

Also, there was a little notch cut out at the toe of one of the sandals.  I'd be afraid that this would grow into a tear in the foam before long.
Back they go...

Why do shoe companies take a winning formula and change it into something worse and weirdly sized?  Orthaheel went the same way and their shoes just aren't the same quality as they used to be."
gross this "bracelet" is the size of a choker, with no way to minimize it, and the one i recieved has weird chains hanging off of it that are not shown in the picture. there is no way to wear it without it falling off, but honestly it's so cheap and poorly made i wouldn't want to wear it anyway. i will probably strip it for part and try to repurpose the only charm on it not made from plastic or tinfoil. save you pocket change and don't buy this trash!
They run very large, and the grip was worthless on the bottom of the slipper.  I originally purchased these to wear to a Barre workout class, and these will not work for that purpose.  I will be returning them.
I got these shoes thinking they were going to look like the picture.  WRONG.They are extremely cheap looking and do not fit your foot right.  I tried to lace them up tighter and the entire shoe becomes deformed and gross looking.  I would not recommend buying these shoes unless you like cheap stuff.
Had to return it,  The LED read-out was so dim and would only stay lit for about 2 seconds made using this watch impractical. It also to my tste had a much more cluttered look than the photo on amazon would suggest.
This watch is way too heavy for the average person to wear. Also, the size of the band is made for someone with a very large  wrist. I had to check to see if I had really ordered a woman's watch not a man's watch when I opened the box when it arrived. I am in the process of returning it.
Too much wrinkle after first wash.  Wont be buying again.
first of all I'd like to say that I've been very happy with Irish Setters products I've owned quite a few pairs of of their boots but this last pair of that I have purchased for some reason are killing my feet I can no longer where I'm and it's only one side that hurts and I've missed the window to return them what am I to do tension Irish setter
Very uncomfortable
The earrings were unfortunate purchase. The clasp was loose after a few wearings. So soft! I want to return it.
This is plastic
The straps came unsewn and ripped within a few months
These shoes are very poorly made. There was glue coming out of the seams of the soles of both shoes. I wouldn't complain if I had bought them from a box store for $15, but that's not the case. I returned them upon receipt.
BOOTS DO NOT LOOK LIKE THEY DID ON PICTURE THE BAND AROUND THE FUR ON OUTSIDE WAS NOT ON EITHER SHOE
This is ridiculous it shows adult man but it comes in youth size I have ordered 2 trying to get the right size!!!! Now I have2 to return fun, fun! So frustrating and a very unhappy little boy.
Clasp sticks and earring bent as soon as I went to close the clasp. It bent to a point that a cress was left in the hoop. Very disappointed and had to return it
Terrible! don't buy this watch!! It is beautiful but junk. I have had it replaced twice and finally returned it all together. Nothing but problems. The pin to change time comes out, black finish on the band practically dissolved and then the second hand fell off! Don't buy this product and avoid the brand!!
"Product came very quickly. I ordered two, one for my neverfull and one for my speedy. The actual products are of very good quality and I thought I was going to be amazed. Based on the quality I would give five stars, but the down side...
Because the products are specifically made for the speedy and neverful, and they don't fit either correctly, is the reason for the poor rating. If they were just generic inserts with approximate sizes okay but to be made specifically for the purse and not be correct is pretty bad. Each insert is SLIGHTLY oversized. I'm extremely picky and don't think the insert should be larger than the bag's bottom seam of my bags. It will eventually stretch and wear the bag in correctly.
My husband said he can probably shave down the corners and it should be perfect. I will return if he decides it won't work. First two pictures are of the insert on top of the bottom of the neverfull MM (outside). The third and fourth pictures are of the insert inside the bag. 3rd shows a nearby perfect fit but 4th shows the other side and it does not fit within the seam like the other side."
One size?  My ass!  lol  It's really more for children than adults
Ordered 2mm size.  EXTREMELY cheaply made.  Posts are so thin, one broke the very first time I wore it when I tried to get the back off.  The backs are super tiny and thin tool.  I can't speak for the other sizes but the 2mm are junk. Very disappointed.
I was so excited to receive this luggage.  I loved the fun colors and the size of the suitcases.  The larger bag lost two wheels on my first trip.  The first wheel was missing when I arrived at my destination and the second wheel was gone when I arrived home last night.  I have never owned luggage where the wheels broke off.  I am so disappointed!
I'm 5'6" 140 pounds and can often wear a Men's small but for this T the medium is at least 1 size too small if not 2.  In general there is little/no quality control when it comes to T shirts and this item is an extreme example.  My mddium T would be a better fit on an 11 year old boy then a smallish man.  Bad job.
Returned.  Very thin and the back of pendant wasn't finished.  It was unpolished and had ridges.  Did not like the quality.  Would not recommend.
If I could, I would give it a ZERO! The watch that came is SO RIDICULOUSLY FALSE! I have paid more than $150 dollars for a poorly made replica. I am so disappointed! It not even came into a box... Any box...  It was not even the collor I chose... I bought it for my girlfriend and now it is impossiple to give her something like this...
small and ugly.  For my boss wife for Christmas.
I'm sure a 1g would've been great for the jump from 2 to 0, but they DID NOT sell me a 1g, they sold me a 0. They made sure to include their stupid business card and ads for other products, but they didn'tmake sure to include the correct product. I'll have to go find it somewhere else now, pay more money, and wait longer to get what I wanted. Keep this in mind when buying their crap and maybe include a little note reminding them not to mess up
These stretch out very easily, on the first wear, becoming way too big for an avg sized female.
The shoes came apart in a week. I have never had a pair of asics do this. So i threw them away. Maybe it was just bad luck or a bad shoe or manufacture defect. I was not pleased, I wear nothing but asics and this is the only time that has happened.
I'm really disappointed about this watch. My girlfriend has used it just once, and the watch immediately changed the color, you must not buy this watch, is like throw your money. this watch it's bad quality.
This shoe is at least 1 full size smaller than listed on the shoe tag.  It was very stiff, ( I have actually never felt such discomfort in trying on a shoe>).  Just putting my foot into the shoe was a battle.
Too small. Not true to size. I wear asics normally (8.5) and I ordered an 8.5.  They are so small I'm giving them to my mother who wears a 7
Had to return mine since it was broken in one month
I thought that this shoe was not comfortable at all with a very stiff and hard insole. The arch support is non existant and the shoe pinches the toes. It's not ugly to look at but I am going to pass on these shoes. Not comfortable at all.
Don't be fool by this top very small with no stretch
"Cheapest shoes I ever purchased.

The soles are paper thin and the zipper in the back of the heel is difficult to pull up and down.

They look nice, but are very poor quality."
This dress was to be a S/M but fit more like a XS and was shorter than images led us to believe, to the point of being indecent.  Loved the color and and the style of dress is very nice.  Just wish it were more of the medium and a bit longer.
These boots are really cute and comfortable too... but I only wore them 3 times and they are completely tore up!
Bought a pair of fake Oakley Holbrooks in Cambodia. These are 100% FAKE - RIPPED OFF
After receiving the jacket they informed me that they didn't make my size and could only exchange for another jacket without a refund.
Purchased sandals and received them within a week.  I was thrilled and really wanted to wear them that weekend.  However, I opened the box, removed 1 sandal to inspect it prior to trying on and noticed a strap hanging down because the elastic cord that secures all the straps wasn't connected on one end.  Obviously a major manufacturing blunder/inspection problem at the factory.  Obviously I needed to return them only to discover the customer is charged $6.95 for returns unless you get it replaced.  Heck, it wasn't my fault.  Anyway, I elected to get replacements and that was (2) weeks ago and I haven't heard a word, nor has anyone acknowledge even receiving them back!  This will be the end of my business with Born and I can only hope if and when my replacement arrives, the sandals are complete.  Had I read reviews, I'd never would've purchased.  They've had my money now for 3 plus weeks but I have nothing to show for it.  My next stop will be Amazon and Better Business Bureau.
"Looks nothing like the picture. This will not work for my costume.
Aside from looking more like ""Jareth"" than ""Garth"", there is very little hair, and the mesh is easily visible."
Piece of s***e breaks within a week and a half
I bought like 5 or so nose rings, thinking they would come out like how they look in the picture. Nope far from it! The bar was way too long, and way too thin. I had to snap the bar shorter, and not to mention how small the jewelry is. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
"I wear a 40DD. I usually purchase a comfort cushion balconette from lane Bryant.

I work as an RN and work long 12+ hour shifts and was looking for something more comfortable.

I ordered this in a L and an XL

The L was too small and XL fit fine.

THIS IS LIKE NOT WEARING A BRA.
it provides NO support

If you want to sleep in this it would be comfortable. Maybe as a ""house"" bra just to keep the nips down. But it was not supportive enough to wear out.

They're both going back.

I am very disappointed. My dreams of supportive comfort are long gone."
It did not fit the way i thought it would. I was disappointed.
Misleading. I thought I was getting a greys/black assorted color pack. Came in the most ridiculous green/blue stripes and other idiotic colors. You cant let a girl see you in these shell think your some kind of clown
These were way too large for my calves. They wouldn't stay up. Too bad, because they are cute for the price.
Returned
didn't fit well and was broken upon arrival.
The arm length is too small
These are really ugly shoes. They do match her father's bathroom though. I wonder what 13-year-old in China made them.
Wish they were still about quality, shoes came with the velcro unattached. Very disappointed...
The dial is so big its just not for me . I feel i am wearing a wall clock , so im not even wearing it...
Fit is small. Paid $15 shipping and it sat at carrier facility for 3 days.
Cheaply made, the picture is deceiving it doesn't deserve even a star. But in order to rate this atleast one star has to be chosen.
Although the size is correct, they are not comfortable. By the end of day,  I had blisters on the tops of my toes.
These sneakers run small.  I had to return the first pair I ordered for a pair 1/2 size larger.  The larger pair were still uncomfortable, and after wearing them while working out for about a month, I developed a pain on the right side of my right foot.  At first I thought I had done something to injure my foot, but when I changed sneakers, the pain was eliminated.  I later found a defect inside the right sneaker, but now it is too late to return them. I will not buy Avia again.
A literal waste of money. These are made for pre-teens.
Don't buy this cheap product
Runs small, uncomfortable & I wear a lot of high heel pumps 3" & higher. So what's the problem? There is not one micro meter of leather in them, no give with wear, they are 100% SYNTHETIC, whatever that means!? Synthetic what? So when you throw them out they take a bazillion years to break down in a landfill, plus made in China, figures. I paid $99 for the pink, saw they were not leather & sent them right back. Thank goodness for Amazon Prime & free return! Leather at least stretches & allows your feet to breathe. I found another leather pair for half the price. Don't be duped, shame on you Enzo!
no was brown
Not even close to slim fit
Thin and cheap material.
Didn't come with half the stuff. Only the shirt .
IT CUT MY FINGER IT WAS SO ROUGH!!!!!!!
This is not a tote. Gave to my little 6 yr old to carry around papers and crayons.
yes it was cheap... but wouldn't waste the few dollars again on it. nasty furr material, wayyyy too big, smelled. it looked like it would be ok for a cheap item... sadly mistaken
HAD TO SEND THEM BACK
Cheap, flimsy, lenses broke immediately and took almost two months to receive. The frame was bent already and only took minimal effort to bend it into the shape of a balloon animal. Wouldn't be caught dead in them - in the trash they go!
Sent them back.
While comfortable, the quality is atrocious.  They developed holes along the toe line after only 3-4 washes.  Do not buy!
Very very clingy ! very cute but it sucks to your skin.
Not everyone is the same height. I should have known better to order a product that fits all. But what the hell, I gave them away and learned a lesson.
I have the exact same jeans at home, purchased from a local Lucky Store.  I wanted a couple more pair, and thought it would be easier and faster to just order online.  I selected the exact same make and model, but when I received the jeans there were at least 2 inches smaller... yet it states the correct size on the label. Upon further inspection, the leather label and lining are different as well. It's as if the manufacturing is cutting corners, and much cheaper than my previous pair of the same type. I attached a couple pictures to show the difference between my current pair, and new pair order online.  You can see the 2 inches difference in size, yet both are 34"x32".  The new jeans seem like really cheap quality.
Its too large and looks totally different from what i see on the pictures... i regret buying this item. Very bad.
Easily a 1:2 size too large over the exact same shoe in canvas.  First got a matching 9.5 size... Returned for 9, still too big.
The material is not stretchy as advertised. The legs are narrow tight fit
Lose
These are great shoes, but I received one with a 3E width, and the other a 5E width. I had ordered the 5E. No problem returning these, but I decided to get replacements - of the right size  - elsewhere.
Fell apart within 1 week of purchase
Looks really horrible do not buy
These shoes are awesome...in the box. Can't walk in them, can't wear them. Super unstable (not that the look of them would suggest anything different). Never wore them, they went to good will.
I expected to get a decent product since it was Tommy Hilfiger, but I was extremely disappointed. After wearing these boots just twice the material on the top that looks like leather started coming apart, then the glue that holds it started coming loose. Don't waste your hard earned money on these.
Runs small and so thin  its see through.  I contacted Amazon to return it, but they just processed the refund and said I didn't need to send it back.  I
I was really excited for these boots...especially the price, but they fit horribly! I couldn't even put my left foot all the way down because there is a part of the structure that was bent down and wouldn't let you slide your heel past the buckle. The material looks cheap and the top half of the boot is much too big. It would be one thing if the boot just looked cheap or was poorly made, but they are not even wearable. I was incredibly disappointed with these and would not recommend anyone purchasing them.
To small didn't even reach my knee
it fads even in cold water
Appeared cheap, poor quality silver. Did not have the lobster clasp or 925 stamp. Sent it back. Seller was responsive and helpful.
Seams where lace attaches to the glove were ripped out/unattached straight out of package. Didn't even get to try them on.  Very cheaply made. You get what you pay for
Unraveled before my mom could put both on.  Split straight up the seam.
The sizes for this sandal are off.  Size 10 is smaller than a previous 9 1/2, and size 10 1/2 is identical to the 10.
Zero stars.  Bought a Men's size L  but the product had a chest measurement of  36"  which is equivalent to a women's size 6.  Don't buy this as won't fit any man alive.
I wore it one time and a tare in the sleeve appeared.  It was like the cloth was old and thin from a lot of ware.  I would not recommend it to anyone.  I have several other Carhartt shirts that I have had for years and love them.  This one was a waste of my money.
Did not like the shoes
I purchased about 20 pieces I taught it was I cents per item not realizing hidden charges and they ripped me off I was charge 300 dollars
Very flimsy, do not buy this bra, doesn't support at all
I have had these boots for a month or so and I really like the look of them, but when I started wearing them I noticed a weird smell from time to time throughout the day. Finally when I got home one day I took them off and smelled the inside of the boot and it was AWFUL! Almost a fish like smell. I knew they had smelled the whole time (since they came out of the package) because I noticed the smell right away, just figured it was something else. I have left them outside for the last few days because they started to smell up my bedroom. I don't think I will be able to wear them again since I can't get rid of the awful smell.
a huge waste of money
The gold watch did not work at. Did not receive a response from the seller.
I was very dissapointed in the quaility of the print on this shirt. After my first wash it is already peeling off.....
These are NOT heavy duty. I doubt they'd hold my pants up. Let alone the gear of my lineman brother. I plan to return them post haste
I had to return these. They are cute, but the feet are very narrow and the calves are very fitted (I have somewhat muscular calves, but still normal sized in general). These are most definitely not made for wider feet (which I suffer from) and the sole is very thin and uncomfortable. If I had been able to continue wearing them, the soles probably wouldn't have lasted me very long. The calves are so fitted that they wouldn't go over my skinny jeans without making my pant legs ride up and bunch - I was only able to get these over leggings, tights, or just wear them without pants altogether.
returned - didn't work for me
Very tight sizes run very small
Bought this as a replacement ring for my hubby and the color is coming off, Having to buy him another one cause this one is not wearable anymore
Seam coming apart on the 5th wearing (very light use) and too late to return them. Definitely not up the the quality standard I expect from Columbia. Looks like I will be getting out a needle and thread to make some repairs. Bottom line: I cannot recommend these gloves.
"This was awful -- it SMELLS so strong of chemicals enough to make anyone sick - the cheapest, thinest material!!
I doubt it's real leather it's like paper leather look over the thinest material out there -- Its not heavy enough to be leather and anything will poke through or tear the ""leather like"" material.......... CHEAP in every way!"
I wear 1.25. I have several pairs of 1.25 glasses. I can't see clearly with these. They are not well made hence the price however, my other pairs are cheap brands as well.
Wish I had read the reviews before I purchased these earrings. Not like what is shown at all. Totally clear with zero green color at all. Extremely disappointed. Do not purchase these earrings.
Order a size or two smaller. I ordered my exact shoe size and these came to big. I am really disappointed and feel I wasted my money.
Shoe fit too tightly. And I just ended up returning it because it was just too uncomfortable to wear. So I don't have the most insight into it other than that.
UGH So bad they made my feet bleed DURING A WEDDING CEREMONY
This item is really tiny. Don't think you're gonna put more than two outfits in here.
I Always use Real Vintage Full Grain 100% Leather Belts  so I decide to buy one more I order this one  is fake Leather  created with different polymers and fibers to create the feel of leather. However, they aren't real leather and don't last very long.
The colors I received are completely different from the pic shown.  Neon green is not very appealing.
The holster is too far back under armpit. Not accessible and not a quick draw. Still visible even with glock 26.
At first, I was very happy with the product. However, its been about a week or so & Ive only wore themeach maybe twice. The silver one will no longer close. Im not sure why I cant clip it. The gold one's time does not work, the little hands move, but it never has the correct time. I am very dissapointed and I will not be buying anymore.
"The logo and text on the received shirt were very low resolution. The pixels were massive resulting in a very distorted image on the shirt. Not sure where the graphic was ripped off from, but it was a bad attempt. The shirt is unreadable and thus unwearable.

Hopefully they'll take it back or it's going into the Emergency Intelligence Incinerator."
I am so disappointed in these bras.  I bought a 3x (I'm 5'6 220 pds) and they do fit around but this is just like wearing a thin piece of cotton for a bra.  There is absolutely no support.  I usually wear a 46b bra and the 3x fit perfectly but I would definitely never wear them out of my house.  I would not even feel comfortable in them outside in the yard because of the neighbors.  I hate to say it because I usually love Hanes products for women but these were a total waste of money.  Sad, sad, sad.
I got these for my daughter for christmas. She wore them twice and the hinge broke off the hoop completely. they seemed to be good quality initially but obviously are poorly made
Super small and poor quality. I had to sadly send them back.
This is a slim fit jean but it falls right off my son.  It was mismarked or poorly sized.
This bracelet advertised unisex, but it is not. It doesn't fit my very average wrist at all, it is way too short. I pulled out my ruler and it measured 15" long. Going twice around wrist it leaves 7". Make sure you have tiny hands before ordering. Coming in very cheap unattractive plastic bag.
Junk  get what you pay for  had it one day and material is falling apart already
"IF, I repeat, IF it had a strong, functional wire that comes out of the top - but it does NOT, it would be 5-star.
The wire that comes out of the top section is weak, thin, and useless - and broke in two weeks.
I tried to return it thru Amazon, but no response.

IF the company spent $0.02 more for heavy gauge wire, or better yet, an integrated connector design, this would easily be 5-star as it is very attractive, light weight, strong, seals well, and well engineered.  It is mystifying why such a fantastically designed product would cheap-out on the 5 cent item that is vital to securing it.  I am not a world class athlete punishing it - I'm a 65 year old that takes walks to recover from a heart attack (which is why I want the nitro with me, not lost somewhere after the wire breaks).

And, I am not happy that the merchant and Amazon did not refund my money or exchange it (though it still has the terminal flaw).

Note: thru Amazon I bought the ""Gold Plated Tiny Nitroglycerin Necklace"" sold by GroupMedShop, which has a rock solid connector, BUT the chain split-ring loop pictured is NOT what is delivered, it comes with a triangle connector that you need to squeeze with a pliers so it does not pop off."
Fits much too small, no spider logo on the back, and the lines on the mask don't line up properly, sadly not what i expected.
My name is Ingrid Sylvester,  I placed an order for this item Clarks Women's Ashland Rivers Shoe,Black,9.5 M US my order number is 108-0090156-3126604 i received two different size of shoe, one is a size 9.5 and the other side is a size 8.5.  I am,  very disappointed, can you correct this mistake please.
My son took this out of the packaging and the zipper was broken. This was a Christmas gift from Santa. Now he is unable to return it.
These shirts are extremely small.. I'm 6 ft, 215 athletic build ordered a US 2x, really would need a 4x.. I ordered 5 different shirts hoping to get one of them close to fitting!.. Had no luck, not even when I found one in US 3x... About a $200 lesson!  My advice... If your a man bigger than 185 or so, stay away!
The tee shirt and mug combo, he liked the mug, the tee was suppose to be a men's xl, I got a women's or a kids xl my Husband couldn't get it over his head, I got screwed on the tee shirt, by the time I get it post office it gets to you I might as well keep it.
WAY to big for 40 and not sure why they don't let you choose the length. The crotch of the pants was down to my knees.  I know this may be a fashion statement for some but not this guy.  I do not recommend these.
I just recently purchased some maroon GoWalks of the standard variety. I loved them so much I ordered this pair, thinking they would be the same type of shoe with a different pattern. They were an entirely different fit - the size elevens of the first pair stretch with my foot - these were stiff and small. They were also very narrow, and have a leather sole that is not mentioned in the description (I do not wear leather). These will be sent back.
Way too long
Does not fit 2 rings. Maybe 2 children sized rings. Definitely not a men's wedding band. Can't fit anything in the velvet pocket.
this does not look like the picture, you can easily tell where the top connect, the print was done in two parts and the connection is not nice at all, you can barely see anything from the eye area and for some reason 'Morphsuits' decided to put their huge logo on the buttocks
Does not work
"They should make this universal to fit all invicta watches.  Then band on my watch was to big to fit into the tool used to remove links, which was the reason I purchased it in the first place.
I had to send it back."
I'm a 40DD and it gave the uniboob look, can't return it because I stupidly cut the tags off.
One shoe was like an inch smaller than the other shoe!!!! Both labeled size 37, but couldn't get the right one on my foot! Felt like Cinderella's evil step sister!
Good idea because it does hold pumps in place but like i said the stitiching came loose after a two washes and i didn't dry it either after wash.
It came all raggedy and looked nothing like the picture. It was tacky. It came nappy. It was tacky. Really
Beautiful but arms are way too tight. Returned it
wrong size
I bought medium in blue. My waist is 34. I'm 5'9" at 180lbs. The pants are about 10-12 inches too long. Great to keep my feet warm but bad when I walk around. The pockets stick out to the side like there is too much fabric. This provides an illusion of being the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man.  The crotch sags on itself and there is so much extra fabric between my waist and the beginning of the inseam, I could fit six people in there. These pants fit terribly.  Seriously, Hanes?! I love their stuff and buy from them regularly. In fact I recently bought them in black. The black fit perfectly.  But these pants.... Shew.
unless you want to pick up everything in this "wallet" every time you drop it. It opens and dumps out EVERYTHING in it any time it is dropped. Very poor design.  Junky latch. Steer clear. :<
Expensive for nothing not comfortable too large for medium width. Too small for length. I threw in the garbage
After purchasing these glasses. I dropped them just 12 inches. The lens cracked. I contacted ray ban repair dept. they informed me that I would have to pay $85 to repair. I did not. There cust service is rude and do not care about customer support. I will never buy a pair of ray ban glasses again!
I received an empty box and was so disappointed so I cannot really review this
Poor quality. Did not even come as pictured
It's ok
"Very disappointed. Zipper for the main compartment broke the first time I used it--on a transatlantic flight. Luckily I didn't lose anything--but I had to keep monitoring the bag to insure nothing was sliding out.

I have never purchased Travelon before and will not again."
Beware: Simple as it would be for Amazon to do this correctly, it wasn't!  The size chart is off. For instance, if you are thinking of 38-40, the chart will say order Large. But when you get the product, it will say Large, 36-38. Same for other sizes on down. Do the smart thing: go to the store and buy what you need, or you may be dealing with the hassle of a return.
Poor quality and clearly foreign made
This shoe looks nice, but the pair I got the left shoe fit like it was almost a full size smaller than the right one.  Very disappointed, I returned the shoes.
Update after just two months of owning - these are knockoffs. They are definitely not Hanes main brand. The waistbands are already frilled and falling apart. Would not recommend.
I purchased these earrings for $5.99 and immediately returned them. The packaging was horrible and half of them ended up damaged. The earring posts are also very long and because of that a DVD that I ordered was also damaged. Now, the quality of the earrings are absolutely HORRIBLE. First of all, they do not even have a metal backing. They only have very thin clear rubber backings which is very cheap. Lastly, they were broken and bent and I would say they're something you would find at a dollar store. I returned them and think that these earrings definitely need improvement.
To small
I had a pair of shoes that I loved from Merrill. They were wider at the toes & narrow at the heel. They were perfect & I went online to match & get the same shoe.    shoe I ordered had the exact  same description. I was very disappointed when I  tried the new shoes on.  I've attempted to wear them only to discover that they are just too tight.
Sorry, just plain disappointed. Returned as soon as I tried them on. I did like the colors though!
Coat runs small, pocket is way up on a waist, too expensive for a low qualify and very poorly made product.
"I got these briefs through a Groupon deal. Very comfortable and stylish. After about 5-8 washings, they started to come undone at the waistband. poorly constructed and 0 customer service from either 2xist or Groupon. They just didn't care.
I would never buy another 2xist product. For the price, they should be THE BEST quality!"
I GOT THE FIRST ONE THE LIGHTS DID NOT LITE UP MUCH.  I SENT IT BACK & I ORDERED ANOTHER ONE & IT DIDN'T LIGHT UP AT ALL I WANTED TO ORDER ANOTHER AS IT WAS FOR MY GRAND~DAUGHTER BUT YOU DID NOT HAVE ANY MORE ((((NOT A HAPPY CAMPER))))
I ordered these knowing I was having neck surgery and needed something to put on rather than pull over my head. I love the color and look of them and thought they would work fine to lounge in when friends stopped by. I even ordered one size larger than I would normally buy. But these run really small and they appear to be a size small to medium and nowhere near an XXL. This was a big letdown.
Very very disappointed, after wearing it for just one day the chain broke, and I can't wear it any more. Not worth the money.
Very bad the quality and poor i feel robbed
I bought this with the intention of using it for an all around tote bag for my laptop, books, etc. and by the dimensions given in the description, it should have fit. When I received it, there was no way my laptop would fit in it, never mind my books and other supplies, so I immediately returned it. I think the problem is that the dimensions in the description count the handle as part of the bag height, but I'm not sure where the discrepancy with the width of the bag comes from. Other than that, it is nothing special.
I wear a 40 inch waist. These say 40-42 and that is a lie. These are way to small. If you are going to buy these make sure and get a size or two up.
The cup is too small. The band is true to size. Also the cup does not support a full on bottom breast. Upon leaning forwards, I pour out. At least it doesn't show up under a tee shirt.
"I ordered the Vitruvian Weeping Angel t-shirt as a Christmas gift for my sister who absolutely loves Doctor Who and the Weeping Angels in particular. I thought this was a nice unique shirt and was very excited to get it for her. When I removed the shirt from the packaging to get it ready for wrapping, I discovered it was the wrong shirt. I was NOT advised that I would be receiving a different shirt, I was NOT asked if it would be acceptable to receive a different shirt. I am very disappointed in the way this was handled.

I purchased the Vitruvian Weeping Angel t-shirt for $22.99 (+shipping), the shirt I received I find on Amazon to be $5 less then what I paid for (http://www.amazon.com/Angels-Have-Phone-Doctor-T-Shirt/dp/B005FCE072/ref=pd_sbs_a_40) ($17.95 as of 11/28/2012).

EDIT on 11/29/2012: I would like to publicly thank Amazon for listening to my issue and offering a solution for the problem."
Ordered a large, the dress appeared to be a size 6-8 American size. If you are using American size chart, you will receive an item that does not fit. The material is cheap.
To narrow in the toe waste of money pancake insoles no arch support what so ever terrible no good flat feet people save your money!
"The size is okay, the colours are pretty, however there is a black stain about 1 inch long that is on a back panel of the dress.
The dress cannot be worn as it is.

Regards

David Attong"
Shipped with a dead battery. It's going back.
"Hello,
This tennis arrived, dirty and used.
I wanted to complain with the salesman. But I live in Brazil and I do not have as to return.
Webster Santos"
This is literally just a black rubber band with a company logo. $0.79 at the store
Too small for my niece
Don't like the edges around the footbed
Plastic looking
I don't know that the shoes sent to me were actual TOMS since they didn't even come in a shoe box. I had the same pair before and they fit fine, but I could barely get my foot into these, so they went back.
"Runs large. Love
the pink color."
Was great for about a month and a half, and then the straps started tearing off, I decided I would still use it since school was almost out and I would just get a different one for college, but nope, both the straps got ripped off
Not what I expected. Color wasn't as advertised, looked cheap and poorly made, and had a bad smell when it was shipped
I have worn these 10 times and they are coming apart!!!
shirt is not true to size
I ordered a size 8.5M - I received a size 6M in a box marked 8.5M. Needless to say, I couldn't get them on. Very frustrating as I had to send them back - from Australia! And, apparently there is no size 8.5M in stock now.
"They are very uncomfortable for underwear. It's almost unreasonable to call them boxer briefs too, they got more like boxers. Fabric has no elasticity. I bought them for a more breathable fabric to keep my skin more healthy but instead the fabric just wears my skin down and causes it to be worse. Not even worth looking at, and they don't even look good on you.

Depending on what you're looking for I would highly suggest brands like jockey or adidas instead. I've never had a good experience with 2xist"
The vision through it is too bad, you cannot see through. I already removed the protection cover & cleaned it but nothing changed. Save your money & do not buy
What's with the sleeves? They're so long... it would better fit a gibbon.
Nothing Leather about this item. Does not stretch a purely plastic feel. Melts in the sun. Cute colors great pattern. Would not recommend.
"Without being leather they just weren't enough on soles for my high arches.
Also what a ripoff, to send back had to go thru post office as no store Bealls sround our rural town and cost was over $9.50, way to much.  Very disappointed won't order anymore."
Max size was 6 1/2  useless
I am so disappointed with these shoes!  The fabric is scratchy and so uncomfortable. Even more disappointed that I was away on a trip and missed the window to return them, so now I'm stuck with an expensive pair of shoes I can't wear!
I love Orthaheel brand. I had lived in Orthaheel flip flops for years, and I bought this one after my old one was broken. However, this flower ones haven't met my expectations at all. First of all, like other reviewers they are TOO narrow and the size runs smaller. Also, they are slippery. They are not stay in my feet! That is the worst problem. After one month that I forced myself to wear these, I gave up! I don't wear these anymore in spite of this expensive price! Wasted my money literally.
Cheap qualty, looks like a short bathrobe
cheap shoes not worth buying get Zemgear instead.
The shirt looks cute in the picture and the material is actually nice. However the sizing is way off. The shirt runs extremely small. It isn't worth returning so its going straight into the donations box. Maybe a child could fit it.
These jeans are great and they arrived a day before they said they would but there's only three distressed parts of the jeans the top one on the right leg on he thigh area when I opened the jeans there was a huge gaping hole where the distressed part should be and my package was smushed and banged up and half way open when it arrived at my house -.- this is not worth my 20 dollars but I cannot I mean can't my money back don't buy this buyers beware
These shoes are advertised as "wide width," but they are so narrow at the toe that the shoe cuts into one's skin.  Peltz refuses to acknowledge that the shoe is not as described, because "all shoes fit differently."  Their return policy is unfair.  They mail the shoes to the customer by wrapping a single piece of bubble wrap around the shoebox and sticking it into a USPS mailing envelope.  But they charge the customer a $20 "restocking" fee unless the customer returns the shoebox inside an outer box. I had to purchase an outer carton and then pay $12.00 to send the shoes back to Peltz.  USPS tracking tells me the package was received by Peltz two days ago, but I have heard nothing about my refund.  Amazon tried to ameliorate my situation, but whatever they offer is only good when I place a new order that is sold and fulfilled by Amazon.  Shame on Peltz for taking advantage of Amazon's customer friendly reputation while acting in defiance of it.  Shame on Amazon for selling Peltz goods.
How am I going to wear this on the beach it is so hot in my air conditioned house. Secondly it fits tight all over.
when i received look ok not bad but wife told me as long as you don't wash its good. She was right after first wash its look really bad.
The product we received is marked 18 inches and that is what we ordered. However, the chain is NOT 18 inches.
Way small - gave them to my son
Way too long and no belt loop
This item has changed.  It is no longer a heavyweight shirt that fits nicely.  It is now thin and runs long.  Which is nice if you like your shirts hanging past your balls, but not if you are a normal person.
It is too small and stiff, it doesn't lie correctly.
Came ripped, does not include stand to hold up veil. Much smaller than picture. Returned the item.
Too small. This must not be a United States large.
Dose not have any instruction on how to unlock strap...since I bought it have not been able to wear it
Got this for my sons 4th birthday because he loves superman. I kind of figured I would be getting what I was paying for but was hoping for more I guess... The screen cracked within the first 10 minutes of him wearing it and when I went to pull out the plastic tab from the winder so the clock would start, the entire small medal knob slid out. Very disappointed. I will definately be returning this one. Don't buy unless you want to waste $10. The only plus side is that it looks cool. Other then that it's a piece of crap.
Returning it. Way too small for a size 10.
Very thin material. I ordered several sizes larger than what I wanted hoping it would be larger on me and it was still small
I don't like european sizing.  I hope this isn't the future of shoe sizing for us.  Come on Cherokee you want to make a comfortable work shoe?  Make it a well fitting shoe.!  Give us half sizes.
I only had the ring one day and the black on it is chipping off. I guess I should have spent more money for a better ring.
The leather portion was top quality, but the buckle itself broke within a week of use. Would have liked to have seen a one piece buckle v multiple pieces pressed together.
Stretchy, poor fit for in-shape male, generally cheap quality cloth compared to the much better fitting, better quality Dickies "Heavyweight" T-shirt.
Wound and set watch, after two hours watch was off by about half an hour.  Tried this a couple more times with the same result
They sent the completely wrong ring! Looks nothing like the photo and it's 2 sizes smaller than it was supposed to be! I ordered it specially for my middle finger, which is 2 sizes large than my wedding band size, but this came exactly the same size as my size 5 wedding band. Not happy, as I needed it for this weekend going away. :(
"I read other reviews before I ordered, they said to get a size larger, big mistake, to big, can't wear them.

The material is coarse and stiff."
Gave it to my mom.
Have purchased this size and brand before and they fit great.  This package they  are stretched out and elastic is loose.
These shorts might be fine for sitting on the beach but they are useless for swimming unless you frequent nude beaches. They become completely transparent upon getting wet. Incredibly poor design.
If I would have gotten the ones in the picture i would gave it 4 stars but the pairs I got are some horrible patterns and different colors. I would even have to say false advertising not what you get in the picture
These seem very soft, and I would have loved to keep them. However, the pants came with holes in both pockets. The fabric for the pockets was torn within 1/2 inch of the hem. Had to send it back. Disappointing!
My son really wanted these shoes but I was not sure, I finally caved in. I first noticed how heavy and bulky they were, then after about a month of light use the shoes on off button stopped working then a week later the lights would not turn off a couple days later the lights stopped working completely, I assume it was because they were on 24/7. The Velcro also wore out very quickly so when my son was running and playing they would unstrap and fall off or he would have to constantly stop and try and strap them!  overall a horrible child's shoe, unless they never wear them and just look at the lights.  I will never buy a sketchers shoe again!
This runs small. Med/large fits more like a small.
After wearing them for only one week,  I already lost a stone in the smallest set.  Not quality jewelry that I expected.
Bad
This ring is NOT AS ADVERTISED. Ordered this to stand in for my wedding band after an injury. First day wearing it and it scratched. My band has NEVER scratched in the three years I've been wearing it. Will be returning this for a refund.
They are too big and ride up. By the end of the day it rides up so much, it's like a thong with defeats the purpose of wearing cotton shorts under my skirts.
Not my size
I always read reviews before I purchase an item. I should have listened. This purse is very very small on the inside. It looks a lot bigger in the pics on the website. And I am not sure what its treated with but it has an obnoxious smell. So much so that I didn't even want it in my home. I received it last week and it is still outside airing out.
The quality of Crocs has gone down.  I have ordered several pairs of Crocs this year, and you can visibly see the size difference in the two shoes.  The straps on them are HUGE.  Only someone with a very wide foot could wear these.
Total crap! I purchased the s/m.....I am a size 5 in most clothing! This is seriously a CAR COVER on me! The stockings, DONT COME WITH IT. In the description it's disclosed "garters included"  NOT THE CASE. Even the box they come in it says "and garters" .  Do not waste you time.
Color is much different from the photo
way, way to big
the shoe was ok but not what I was expecting from Clarks,  If I could send them back I would, but since I wore them 1 day I guess they will make someone else happy at the thrift store.
I'm a tall guy so it fit me short too
Geez, I just wanted a waterproof poncho with a hood.  I like the pictures on these because it showed a larger hood with drawstrings.  Well this is what I got.......a small hood, a neck hole that was for a child, and the body part of the poncho could fit an elephant underneath it.  Save your money, these must be the irregular ones that they are selling and you never know what you'll get with that.  I wish I could get my money back,
"I got the wrong color
I am so disappointed"
broke in 5 mins
A previous review stated they ran small.  I ordered my usual size 9 as there was not a 9.5 available and they do run about a size too small! I could have easily worn a 10.  So beware!  The rose gold is a pretty color but honestly they look like they cost about $5.00 and very cheaply made.  My daughter who is 28 said she will take them as she wears a size 7.5 and they fit her fine. The return shipping would be about $6.00 so stuck with these.  I have returned at least 6 pair of other brands ordered this summer as the quality was not good as I previously experienced.
I ordered my first pair and fell in love with the way they fit. I quickly ordered 3 more pair. After the first wash my initial pair had a hole in the crotch. The threading was just gone. I was hoping it was a one off but sadly the other pairs I ordered all did the same thing. Started reading through the reviews and quite a few people have had the same problem in the same area. I'm really bummed since the fit is great but they come apart in the worst possible spot.
Button fell off right out of box on one and the other is loose. I wish they weren't falling apart I love them
not happy with shoes and company expected me to pauy to ship back.not pleased
I bought this as a christmas gift and the seems started to tear withing 24 hours of use. Should have sent it back
"I ordered this item before and one as too small and another fit just fine.
The one I just received is much too small.  Can you send me a return shipping label with the order info so that Imay send it back.  i misplaced the orignal."
these were BAD size was far from what was ordered material thin and cheap, zippers and button bad quality thats why i returned
Nice Shirt. Too small
The product did not fit well at all despite using the size chart. It runs very small. My advise to anyone who decides to purchase this product is to order one size larger than your regular bra size.
unlike all the other Blossom scrubs I have in this exact same style number but different colors, the BLACK fabric has no peaching or stretch, which makes it scratchy and uncomfortable because the expected "give" isn't there and they are cut like a Junior fit. Worse, the black isn't the same within the same series: some are true black and some are midnight blue-black. All other colors have been wonderful but all the Blossom line from this seller are not the same as the garments purchased at the uniform store.
When mine arrived it wasn't even the same color as the one I ordered. I chose pink and the image showed pink patterns with a lot of black and some white and pink patterns. When it arrived it was mostly big shade of white and pink and less black. So disappointed.
FIT LIKE A CHILD SIZE
Received only a loose gem instead of the necklace. Was very disappointed since this was a gift that was shipped directly to them.
Ran 2 inches smaller in waist than Active or Volcom pants
horrible. would not suggest these, broke the day i got them.
Not even close to the quality of sock I bought last year, very disappointed, will not buy again.
I hate them, they make feet sweat!
Has a strange smell even after putting dryer sheets in and zipping up for days. Cannot use due to smell. Waste of money.
Fast shipping it was not exactly what I expected and would not order again . Its too hot and sweaty collects static electricity like crazy. I think I could power my house with this
I took a chance and decided to try give this a shot because it was only $15, and it's a waste of $15. If you're a tall guy with a long torso, this will not fit you properly at all. You'd have much better luck with the Insta Slim tanks.
WAY WAY WAY TOO SMALL!
Well, it appears the problem might be that some of these are counterfeited clothing products.  It's either that or  Jockey brand quality has taken a dive.  My first pair tore apart upon the second wearing.  The second pair shrunk more than expected which  might also explain the easily torn stitching although a full cut boxer from Jockey did not used to be stitched so poorly.  The two pair I got were truly of dollar store quality but like I said I am not sure they were even made by Jockey or just a counterfeit label.
Necklace and pendant are thin and feels very cheap..and worse, the tips of the anchors are so, so sharp it snagged my arm and made it bleed. I plan to throw it in the trash and I do not recommend this product.
My daughter in Kindergarten used this backpack for 7 days and it is already ripping!  I was going to try to exchange, but they only allow a 30 day return policy and since I bought it before school started, I had no idea that it wouldn't work.  What a waste of money!!
DO NOT BUY THIS. The metal is cheap and the ring is very uncomfortable. Doesn't help that it broke within the first two hours of me wearing it.
These were listed as leather sandals but when they arrived the navy portion was fabric. They were a little loose on my feet. But the biggest problem was the strap that fits between my toes. There was a very thick, rough seam that hurt when I put them on. I don't know if it was just the pair I got or if all of them are made that way. No way would they ever be comfortable to wear. They went right back.
i didn't enjoy this outfit at all. And i couldn't return it. In the process of trying it on, I got frustrated because i couldn't take it off and wound up breaking the zipper. It was not one of my finer, delicate moments.
it turns color
This is a hate group!!
does not fit the sizes that it states and also the reviews to others have written about it is not correct or something.
way too narrow compare to similar shoes. Sizing is innacurate
After reading the other reviews my wife bought these shoes.  I have 2 different size feet so it is difficult to find shoes that might fit one or the other foot.  These fit BOTH feet.  Do Not depend upon the size as stated they are at least a half size too big for the size as indicated.  As for the quality: forget it.  I will wear these out fast.  There is no foot support and you can forget about ankle support.  You get what you pay for.
I got these socks so that I could have warm feet and stick to my mat in cold weather.  These were actually worse than my regular socks for gripping the mat.  They twisted around and slid all over the place on the mat.  Totally unusable for my purposes.
These shoes were way too large...order these one size smaller or just don't order.
Well, I searched and searched and searched for glasses that seemed to be substantial for my rather big head and these were legitimately fit for a child. So awful.
Don't waste your money!  The quality is horrible!  The exterior color was already rubbing off when I opened them.  When you try to push back the spring-loaded clip, they just fall apart.
The socks are not the same as those shown in the image. A bad buy, a deception
the show was not as pictured in ad
The suspenders where I thought the first time I wore them.  Broke the second time, the fabric ripped near the clasp.
"Amazon states that these shoes are leather with a man made sole.  The description inside the shoe states ""all man made materials"". Had I known this I would never have purchased them.

I feel ripped off.  It will cost me  more to ship them back than it is worth."
It is FALLING APART in less than two months.  ALL the teri is unraveling.
I liked the product but even though the size was correct on the label it was at least one third less the size of other corset.
Fit good made cheap n toes get wet
After using it three times, one of the wheels came out and I found out that the screw had stripped out!! Very Poor craftsmanship for $140.00
too big, I should have read the fine print.  I bought it for my 9 yr old, the front cover is heavy glass and it's big even for a grown man. ):
not as good as described'looks had been used for a while.'worst product had bought on amazon'
I ordered a L/XL and the crotch area was to the mid thigh. The leg length seemed to be normal however the crotch was not fitting properly. I ordered two different colors and they both fit th exact same way.
"After reading the reviews, I felt good about this product being ""heavy duty"", so I ordered it.  After usage of 2 weeks and 1 light wash, the product is already falling apart (look at photo below).  I ordered this item late January but did not really start wearing this until February simply because I had other sweaters/jackets to wear.  The tear on the product definitely demonstrates a defect, not a forced damage.

I asked to return the product, March 8th due to those reasons, and they have said the ""Expiration of returns period"". Although I understand that is the policy, I am simply disappointed and would like others to be aware of my experience.  This was a cheaply made product that claimed heavyweight abilities that started falling apart almost immediately after usage."
I bought these for a river float trip and ended up throwing them away.  They aren't like normal tight water shoes.  Every time I walked in the water with them they filled up with debris, sand, rocks, etc.  I do  not recommend these shoes.
I contacted "The Ultimate Collection" because the bracelet that I received has a HOLE in one of the evil eyes. They said they were going to replace it with a new one, but they never did!! So basically I NEVER GOT WHAT I PAID FOR...
Bought this for my wife in February.  Due to the cold weather she didn't start wearing it until about a month ago and it broke today.  Nothing crazy, just got caught on her sock and it broke while she was trying to get it uncaught.  Its a nice looking anklet, just too flimsy.
There is no real support in the tummy area, so I want order it again.
Scratchi inside under writing on front. Lots of tags  to cut out or scratch. Why put scratchi things on newborns?
First time ordering from amazon and my experience was awful,I ordered medium for my bf but it came to me so big,it would fit those with pot belle or muffin top,not for skinny ass man.
The zipper popped right off during first use. My daughter often sucks on the top of her pajamas when soothing herself so this is definitely a possible choking hazard. They are very cute but will be returning for a refund.
I was looking for a simple, inexpensive cape for a pair of footed pajamas that said "Super Mom".  This cape has sewn-in *shoulders* and was too big on me - the built-in shoulders looked like humps when I put it on!
These boots are huge around the calf.
This thing is JUNK. within the first week the seam on the card portion split, 2 months later the money clip fell off. The clip on my wallet was so tight it tore holes in cash! Not only was this thing a waste of money, it took more money with it. Good idea, poor execution. maybe there is a reason Carhartt has discontinued this wallet?!
It's not what I expected
They just looked awful on me.
"this ring is junk. I purchased this because it said sterling silver. I get it with my amazon prime membership about oh 12 days later when I paid for two day shipping. Anyway get the ring wear it for a total of 5 minutes I broke out so bad from it, I had to go to the hospital and have the thing cut off my finger because my fingers on my left hand were swollen. I would never do business with this company again.  not to mention it took about 8 days for it to get here when I paid for two day prime. This was the worst purchase I have ever made with amazon. an 8 dollar ring has turned into a 700 dollar emergency room visit.. I have never had jewelry do this to me before. This company needs to stop selling these. something is not right with this. and the fact amazon does not want to do anything but refund my 8 dollars. They can keep it. I am just glad I got to keep my finger.

If I could have gave it zero stars I would have but I couldn't."
"These earrings are very cheaply made. Posts were bent and bend very easily...so have feeling they could break at anytime and this is only first time worn.
They look attractive but expected posts to be stronger."
"Bed..cutting different....
Color is...too different"
The shirt was itchy and too big but then when we washed it was too small. Not a very high quality product.
Boots tore after only a few times wearing.
I bought these boots for work.  They were a little tight when I first put them on, but I could wear them.  I thought they would break in and be as comfortable as my other Danners.  Well I have had them for a while now and they probably the most uncomfortable shoe I have ever worn.  The seams are also starting to come apart.  Will never buy a pair of Danners made in China again.  Very disappointed.
Size is a huge problem with this. Ordered a medium but what I got looked something like X X L
"the jacket was sized for a child.
The material was cheap, and scratchy.
I wouldn't wear it if it cost five cents.
worst purchase I ever made."
These are waaaay too small and did not want to return them all the way to china at my expense! Waste of $20 for sure!
This seller misrepresented this shirt as an IZOD garment.  I received an incredibly cheap and undersized shirt. Caveat emptor.
These bras fit very weird and run very small. I had to return them.
Out of control, impossible to style, poor quality, and why is the cap yellow? Looks nothing but fake, not "ok" Halloween fake, like horrible "Amanda Bynes" fake
I bought 2 silver & black  never used them it is very hard to read , and you don't receive what you see in the picture
very cheap quality
The posts broke off the earring, they are made of really soft metal.  The backings a so tight that it pulled the post right off.  Very disappointed.
Must be sized wrong!!! I gave it away to a child!
The bag inexplicitly and without any stress just tore along the zipper. There was no stress on the bag, no over packing. Avoid it.
Cheap shouldn't mean useless. Bought as a gift (Insane if you think this is a proper engagement ring) because it looks nice. Very quickly wore off the plating and, no idea how she did it, but bent the ring somehow.
"I read the reviews before purchasing this product but was convinced by the positive reviews but should have listened to the cautionary reviews.

I was expecting a sophisticated fit and flare dress for work. What I got was a really flimsy material, stretchy skater dress.  The colors are also incredibly bright, not the muted colors that appear on the page. I usually adore Eva Franco, but I'm on my way to return the dress as soon as I'm done writing this review.

I'm usually a size six, but the way the waist falls on  this dress the side zipper bit very close to my skin."
"who can wear these jeans,

super skinny thin model types ONLY"
the bowtie is an aweful color... it is nowhere close to the picture on the site. it was not what i needed.
Never have 0 star
Wife doesn't like them
"I like the shoe. What I don't like is the fact the material used (rubberized mesh) over the top of the shoe has cracked and is starting to separate from the shoe.  I have worn these shoes for no more than 15 hours and only as casual shoes (no tennis, biking, hiking, etc.)
Too late to return.  Like I said I like the fit and comfort of the shoe, I am just concerned with the lack of durability and the fact that I know they will not last.  I imagine I will soon be relegating them to being my painting, yard work, slogging through mud shoes.  Be careful and look for signs of the rubber disintegrating before your return window closes."
"Update:
I loved this boots so much I bought a second exact pair when my original one got too old and worn. I bought the boots from the exact same link I purchased the original. The boots i received looked like the original i purchased but I noticed it was a Soda brand rather than the same brand which started with a Q. The new boots I got (Soda Brand) is too small to fit around my calves so I can't even get the boots on. IT's really disappointing since the reason I bought the same pair was because they're the only ones that fit around my calves.

Original review is 5 stars
i have large calves so it's hard to find boots that fit and these ones do. i have flat feet and maybe a little wide but thee boots fit me perfectly with some wiggle room for my toes. i ordered a size 7 and it fits me wonderfully. id totally order another one as a back up because i have a feeling these will be my fave shoes. the only thing is it doesn't have much arch support. i can wear it fine for hours but some people might not like that. i live in flip flops so i'm used to it."
"Honestly if I could give it a no star rating I would. I was extremely disappointed with this purchase.
I was hoping to get the color in the picture I selected (Black) but I don't get the choice on that one.
Second and the biggest one that made me upset was the sizing... I looked at the size chart and based my order on the bottoms chart because well they are bottoms. When I finally got my packaged it was marked small with the 28-30 and I thought to myself thats not right that sizing was for the undershirt size. So I pulled them out of the packaging and threw it away and when my husband got home I had him try them on... Unfortunately they were way to small for him, meaning they were definitely the 28-30 sizing. Since I took them out of the packaging I can no longer return them for the proper size and I'm out the money I purchased them with."
ordered 4  two stopped second day  not abused in any way
COLOR DIFFERENT FROM ONLINE
These are the uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn. My feet keeps sliding down into the front strap and cuts off circulation in my toes.
These slippers were extremely thin and did not feel supportive on my feet.
I purchased these socks for my boyfriend and after only one wear and wash, one of the socks had a hole in the toe. Seriously? These socks are too expensive for that to happen.
This item was so small; how small? You'd have to be 4' 8" and weigh under 90 pounds to wear it. And that in itself would be stretching the PSI limit on the threads. What ever happened to QC in manufacturing?
"It's disappointing for the price I paid.
The inner lining is very hard, my husband can not wear it. also already passed the return time. I want to sell it."
Beware poorly tailored the V-neck is so wide it looks like pregnancy scrubs despite this being for men
"NOT ONE SIZE FITS ALL. I'm 5'4 and a size 6, I could barely get these leggings above my thighs. The only way they were actually tall enough for me was if they became capri leggings, which who would wear those in the winter?

Also, even when I was able to get them that high up, they were so ridiculously tight in the hips/crotch area that you couldn't get them to fit correctly."
I feel bad leaving a one star review, but it claims to be wind-proof. Not wind proof at all. Wind blows right through and your face freezes. Might be OK against frost bite, but I wore this thing once and now will trash it. Not even worth trying to get a Amazon refund. Seems Amazon will let any thing be sold now days. Absolute crap, unless you want to play Ninja or something.
For future customers, you should clarify the specifics on this item.
SUCKED. THEY DON'T MAKE THESE SHIRTS LIKE THEY USED TO!
Their Large socks which are supposed to fit up to a size 12 in mens.... what do you think? Not! I wear a 12. I wound up having to give these to my 11 year old son. If you're a man with a size 10 or bigger, stay far away from people sock. PeopleSocks will not even respond to emails. Be aware, just because it is "made in America" does not mean it's a superior product.
My son wore these this weekend. This is 2 days of wear. The green material is just paper thin. Very poorly made. My son had a different pair of Northside sandals that lasted most of the summer,  but these are just bad shoes.
These wrecked my feet - especially between the toes.  The injury was so bad that I couldn't wear any type of thong footwear for over 2 weeks.
DO NOT BUY! Waste of money. They fit as expected. Like the toggle function. However, I  wore them for approx. 30 min in a pool. The fabric on one shoe has a small tear. The inside soles are glued in with a terrible glue. The glue liquified and  stick to my foot. The glue turned a toxic green color.
The glasses I received did not meet oakley half wire 2.0 sunglasse size. They fell fron de frame or they have more tan enough room in there, so they are not tight. The worst are the foto grey ones, I am now triying the black ones, however did not meet size either.
Too big! It doesn't fit on me.. Too loose. :( the sizing is way off! Nice texture only the sizing.
It would have been perfect except for the fact that it had a large hole under the arm. With the time and effort it would take to send it back, I decided to just take a loss on it.
Very poor quality....not worth $5.00
I have these PJ's in Black and love them so much I saw a chance to buy them in another color that I like ...RED.  This is NOT red, folks.  It is a rosey pink - and I HATE pink. some call it watermelon, but watermelons are a lot redder than these PJ's where I come from....not to mention what I look like in this color.  My husband took one look at the package and couldn't believe  I would order anything in this color.  He knows how I feel about me and ANY shade of pink.  Anyone who calls this red needs to be tested for color blindness.  I am returning them same day I received them...I can't believe Amazon would put these in as described.  I certainly hope they pay my postage.
My son asked for a skeleton watch with specific features for his 25th birthday.  This was the one he picked out and despite the unfavorable reviews, I ordered it - with a warning - KEEP ALL BOXES AND PACKAGING for 90 days in case you get a dud.  The watch arrived on a Thursday afternoon. HE LOVED IT.  Saturday morning, (not even 36 hours after removing it from box), the watch stopped working.  It may be a great looking watch but if it won't run 2 days, there's a problem.  I rarely give things poor reviews but he will be returning it and I will not be purchasing this brand again.
Its a cardboard box.  What more can I say.  There is a piece inside that is supposed to adjust so that different size heads can fit into it and still be able to see; however, that piece just slides up bliding the person trying to use it.  My son wore it 10% of the time he wanted to for that reason.  It just wasn't safe.
I wanted these shoes to work out.  When the arrived, the red wasn't as vibrant as shown in the photo, but that didn't bother me too much.  They were comfortable, which is important as I'm on my feet all day. Within a month, the stitching on top started to come undone.  They also stretched quickly, so within a month or two, I was pulling the velcro as tight as it would go. After about 3 months, the shoes were falling apart and looked so trashy I had to throw them away.  I take good care of my shoes, and, although I stand all day, I expected these shoes to last at least 6 months.  I'm disappointed and won't be ordering Clarks any time soon.  I've found better luck with Crocs actually lasting.
Must have ordered wrong bras.  Just wanted something for casual wear around house so ordered XL.  These are so tight.  My breasts are pushed together likes pushup bra.  Normally wear L in sports bra and 36C in regular.
Not sure if this is really sterling silver. Looks cheap. Don't purchase.
Needs some work for sure.
The watch reference  doesn't match to the picture, the dial is different. Description is "Silver-tone dial with arabic 2, 3, 4, 8, 9 & 10", but is totally different.
This shoe is very cute. Versatile and trendy. Looks like it would be very comfortable. However, the sizing runs very small. I typically wear a 9. The shoe was too small to even get fully on. Returned
"Man i must have been really out of my mind...... are you kidding me? the Goss darn pair of underwares were 15 dollars ....
CRAZY"
Shoes are very nice looking but had a strange smell (strong odor) that did not smell like leather. It was as if the shoes were sprayed with something prior to being placed in the box. I sure hope these are legit Calvin Klein's and I didn't just get ripped off by Amazon scammers. :(
"Received my order timely.  Open box and it had a pair of shorts in cellophane.  The color was not sand dune so I knew there was a problem.  The paper tag on the cellophane indicated Docker shorts inside but the actual shorts were Nautica brand made in Bangladesh.  Being a man who hates returning things, I kept them but after wearing them a few times I hate them.

I am not happy Amazon got my order completely wrong.  This is no knock on the Docker shorts because I have a few pairs and they are great."
These boots are crazy uncomfortable, and I don't wear them walking long distances either.  They are cheaply made, and I think the soles are plastic... super slippery in snow/ice.
"If you want 1/4 of a ""knee high"" boot, buy from this seller! Not at all what was shown in the picture! I've purchased shoes online before and I was highly disappointed in the product received!  After being super excited and waiting for the boot to get back instock, come to find out all along I was waiting for the wrong boot! I read over and over the description, the reviews (even purchased a size bigger based on what others said)..all to end up with 1/4 of a boot! Which was not worth the price!

I must say Amazon corrected the issue immediately, same day I received the wrong boot, they refunded my money and sent the free return shipping label immediately to my email. This was the only thing I was pleased with!"
Great shoes, had to return them, but I bought them for $140 and now they are selling the same pair for $200? I won't be buying these again. Seems like a bait and switch tactic
Although the picture depicts a pretty, feminine watch, the actual watch is huge and very heavy.  It is even bigger than my husband's watch.  It's like a man's watch with a feminine face on it.  Too bad.  I returned it immediately.  But credits to Amazon for an easy return policy!
The propet cliff walker strap boots were too narrow and small for my feet. Despite me being able to wear a 4E 11.5 in other shoes comfortably, in this case the shoes were too small. Not a good shoe at all, straps too thin, would not buy another one from this company. And refunds are not allowed either so I lost my money as well. Caveat emptor.
fits SO tight around stomach even though i ordered 2 sizes up, the whole pattern seems uneven and awkward, the neck hole is massive, some sort of masking tape with sewing instructions was sewn inside the sleeve hem that was annoying and noisey that i couldn't fix without cutting the sleeve open. this shirt only cost me a penny and now i know why.  i'm just gonna take it apart and use it for something of my own. i've only been hemming my own clothes for about a year, but i bet i can do a better job than this company. :) and yes i know how to wear this type of shirt, i love the whole baggy-on-top-tight-around-waist look, but man this was a disappointment.
"I wish I didn't have to write this, but I'm not happy with what I got. I have tons of Colombian pants (levantacola - butt liffting) and this pant is not close of what I was expecting for. I have a medium size (5'4"" and 134 pounds) and they didn't have any medium size so as I read in the reviews... they come a little small so you should order a bigger size than yours.. I got a Large one.
It is big for me, won't push up your butt and they tend to fall when you walk. The only think that I like is that they're just comfortable and good quality fabric. But for me, it was a waste of money."
These shoes have wholes in them after a couple of months and now water gets in all any time it rains.
lenses are not original, they say made in China and not in Italy, and are super fragile, poor quality, until case is broken, a mess!
"I'm a natural-fabric fanatic. I like cotton, linen, silk and rayon next to my skin.
The tags on this say '100% cotton' but it is the scratchiest most uncomfortable cotton shirts I've ever worn.  I did a burn test on a small piece of the hem and the results were inconclusive (none of the beading, characteristic of polyester, that I was expecting), but it definitely fails the feel test.  I wore and washed these several times (hoping to soften them up), but the washing seemed to make the problem worse.  Since I've washed them, I won't return them, but I won't be wearing them either... to the Goodwill they will go!"
Misleading!!!! There is no leather on this shoe. You will not be able to wear long term because of that. Not what a Birkenstock should be. I shipped them right back!
Made in China and made as you expect from China. Cheap and way too small
This was previously one of the only M shirts that was long enough to fit me well. For some reason they modified the fit, and now the M is neither slim enough or long enough for me. Bummer.
the backpack was small, and the colors were nothing like the picture that advertises it. It turned out to be an awful looking dark green and a deep brown with a cheap bottom. I do not recommend anyone buy this item
I bought the leggings because I thought they looked good. I wear a size 8 pants. Pretty average if you ask me. I could hardly get them around my thighs, let alone my butt. I ended up giving them to my roommate who wears a size 4 and even she said that they were very tight fitting. Not very stretchy fabric. Do not buy unless you are a tiny human!
There are not any pockets inside.  Not like I expected.
Too tight,but warm
I purchased this in a larger woman's size and was disappointed by the fit. The sleeves were very tight and the body was very form fitting. No the flattering fit I was looking for.
no give in the seams at all.  ripped with first try on and had to trash it.
Did not work at all!! It tells you to use 2 if you have bigger breasts. I do, so I used 2 and still didn't work!! Ended up having to use tape to hold my Boobs up for a dress that I was wearing! Complete waste of money!!
From the crotch to the waist it measure at 18 inches, I even ordered the XS. What the designer have in their mind?
I did not like that they did not arrive in a box.  They appear somewhat used or shoes that have been hanging around a bit.
Terrible bag. Broke almost immediately. Will never purchase from this company again.
Nice size but way too thin to hold your cards and cash. Seam ripped after one month and can't return.
I ordered this based on the reviews that it was an ok product. That person must have been blind. I received it in about3 weeks, when it got here, I will say its a beautiful color but that's it. It was misshapened like its been in a box for months and the back tracks stuck out so bad, I could only wear with a hat. Even with the hat, it was still just wrong, curly, flat, nappy. I placed a claim with the seller, we will see how they handle it. Hopefully they take care of this problem because I will update to tell you all how  the outcome went.
Arms tight but body large. Strange fit and made me feel larger. Was 120 lbs with thin arms and it was snug in shoulders
I didn't mean to order these.  I put them on for the first time and couldn't figure out where I was supposed to hang my wang out in the bathroom.  Soon I realized they for women.  Maybe good for girls, bad for dudes.
ummmmmm to begin, I must really STOP purchasing leggings from China. I keep forgetting that everyone is a size 2 not an 8 and short not 5'7' or higher. My leggings were highwaters and see through. I was NOT happy!
not as advertised. I'm a very lean person and it fit horribly. Dont waste your money with this.
At first they felt fine, but after wearing them for a few days, they started causing pain. Of course I sterilized them prior to wearing them. When I took them out, the metal had turned black and left black flakes in my piercings! Very cheap & definitely not worth it if you don't want a possible infection!
Not what I expected, returned due to very very thin material. No such this as Dual Layer, it's thin cotton. I would not recommend this product.
I got the wrong color even though I emailed them to make sure that I was getting the right ones with white sole and they assured me that I would get them, but that was not the case. Do not be fooled by the price difference with other sellers. At least you will get what you want. The laces are double the length of the picture's as well. I am never buying from this seller ever again
horrible fit and not at all like the picture
This looks super cheap not worth the money or the long wait it took to get here. Better of buying jewelry when you know you can see it. Does not look like the picture.
She wore it one time and the pink frilly lining started to come unstitched around the back of the neck - basically from shoulder to shoulder. I am admittedly a bit on the over protective side, but with that much material hanging loose i feared chocking/strangulation.  I am sure it would be a 1 in a million chance but that's enough for me to give this 1 star...and thrown this thing away.
When I received the item the box was beat up, wasn't a big deal till I opened it and noticed what looks like a used item!!!!!! Completely ticked off! Not worth the money would not recommend material is not as described they are cheaply made and feel like they are gonna rip when I put them on.
I have only worn these a few times and the lining is already starting to come apart.  Very disappointing.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/LaCrosse-Men-s-AeroHead-18-34-7-0mm-Hunting-Boot-Realtree-Xtra-10-M-US/dp/B008XDARMW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">LaCrosse Men's AeroHead 18" 7.0mm Hunting Boot,Realtree Xtra,10 M US</a>
Not what I expected there is an advertisement on it and the band is not tight enough
They fit fine just fell apart really quick two weeks was all the wear my daughter got
Previously loved the concept of a ratchet belt, however, it has not held up to even light/moderate use. The metal clasp has begun to chip, to the point that I cannot wear it anymore. I have only used it for a few months - never dropped it - and always stored in in a drawer. Unacceptable.
I thought I was getting sterling silver but the silver wore off. Garbage.
Too large 
Runs small
Its not at all what i expecting, it was just a winter hat that i could by at a dollar store. It sticks straight up and doesnt fit. 
"The fit was awkward, I ordered an xl and the sleeves were twice as big as any xl sleeves I've seen in my life. And I like my sleeves to be roomy and go to my elbow because of my skinny arms, but these are parachute sleeves.

The material is almost brittle and paper like , not even a little bit soft. I can imagine it would wrinkle very easily. I'm sticking with Tommy Bahama."
Too long to got here and broke a week after 
the shoes looks very cheap, ithought Puma is good brand ,  too small, I am 8.5 but i  got 9 to be comfortable and still very small, returned it next day.
I originally ordered an 8, but they were way too small. This is the size I've worn for 40 years.  So I ordered a medium size 9 the next time. They were a little big but good for me walking in the neighborhood & they did help with my hurting feet. But one day I walked through wet grass & left them outside to dry off. The next day when I went to walk, I put them on & they didn't fit. They shrunk length wise & the width AND THEY CURLED UP. I'm so bummed because they really helped my hurting feet. BUYER BEWARE....DONT GET WET & DONT LEAVE IN HIGH HEAT.  The last picture is comparing them to my normal size 8.  Remember they were size 9. Now probably 7 or 71/2.
These are the worst pants I've ever bought hands down. They fit alright, but the material is such a low quality and they're so itchy they're unbearable to wear. They're still way to itchy even after washing them with fabric softener.
2 tight not wide like i want it to be. I tried 2 wear them to work and my feet was killing me. I couldn't wear them home. So i will stretch them out when i get a chance.
I found that Clarks shoes in high heels are generally smaller than what I expected.
Purchased to wear to work for Halloween, did not even make it to work. Upon putting on the pants, the zipper broke. After the zipper broke, I could hear the seams breaking below my knees where the striped section begins. Then, the foot straps around my shoes snapped with little to no tension. Overall, the product was cheaply made. Ended up having no costume to wear for the day, very disappointed.
Not as great as we thought!
plastic side to tight
I really enjoyed the fit of the Muzuno Wave Riders.  It was recommended I give these shoes a try based on my heavier build and underpronation running style.  First thing I noticed was how narrow they are, so I took the time to stretch them out using a shoe stretcher.  When I ran in them, I noticed two things: how stiff they were and lack of arch support.  Hoping the shoes would loosen up and the shoe will break in based on my good experience with the Wave Riders, I kept them.  It was the wrong choice.  After putting in about 75miles in the shoe. I gave up. I just use them for everyday use and not running.  But honestly, I do not like them as everyday shoes. The fit is just bad, they are heavy, lack full arch support, stiff and not much cushioning inside the shoe.
Nice fabric.  Cut way too small. Had to return it.
It arrived late, but My daughter was so excited to get this.  The batteries it arrived with were dead.  Replacements were 0nly available from radioshack.....$12.00!  It worked briefly, then quit.  Not the batteries the LED!  Total junk and waste of money.
The pants look odd, mostly because one of the pockets didn't lay flat.
These things are huge. I looked at the label and it says L not XL or XXL
Not what I wanted. Searched "child's top hat" and this item was one of several that popped up. I ordered it and it's huge. It's even too big for me.
Purchased these Feb 5th, and shoes completely fell apart within 3 months. Stride Rite shoes used to last an entire school year, now this is the second pair of Star Wars themed shoes to fall apart within the first three months. I won't give in to my 8 year old again.
Broke on the spot had to throw it away
The one I received is defective. When the shirt was sewn together the computer must've been off. Wearing it fells my upper body is twisting because the shirt was not put together evenly. The seam on my right shoulder where the front/rear pieces come together is fine...nice and straight and on top of the middle of my right shoulder. The left one is way off-center. That goes for the seams down the sides of the shirt as well...twisted. This shirt should've been rejected at the factory.
"I specifically requested size 38B and what I received was size 34B! Four sides too small
I'm not able to wear this bra! It's been a complete waste of my money."
Not what I expected but I already using them
The product that I ordered was not what arrived at my doorstep. The t shirt is supposed to be 95% cotton, 5% spandex, but the shirts I recieved are 100% cotton and therefore are not the product I was expecting.
Looks as cheap as it costs.
"If you order a pair of these, I would suggest ordering a pair plus one half size larger. I have worn size 9 1/2 for 70 years, should have ordered size 10. Didn't notice until I had walked about 50 ft in them. To late to return or exchange them then. Otherwise
they appear to be well constructed."
Shoes wroke after 6 hr of office use. Plastic instead of leather. I love the brand but this time I was disappointed .
This is like the 3nd  time I buy this shoes, I used to have a Crocks store here at Puerto Rico which was the fisrt time i got them, 2nd time was to the Crocks store through internet , since the store was closed here, and the virtual Crocks store didn't have them, I deside to buy them through here, they arrive about a week and a half  ago,  and they broke last night. I don't think they are the same quality that they used to be.
"Very cheaply made. No bounce or give or cushioning. I had never tried to wear such an uncomfortable piece of footwear
When I returned them I discovered that the cost was about 40% to 'try' these out. It was a frustrating and costly mistake as I ordered 2 pair expecting a decent work shoe"
So this thank top isn't good
the rear clamp broke off 2 minutes after I put them on. I can only use them by tying them on with a piece of cord.
My husband has worn this ring for a month now and it is HORRIBLY scratched up already. He works in retail so he's not to rough on his hands. I guess it's one of those, you get what you pay for! But I would NOT recommend this ring.
I really wanted these pants to fit!  The color was perfect and the cut was similar to the greyling that I had just purchased.  They were large in the waist and the rise was long (felt like regular instead of petite).  This caused the pants to bunch at the upper thigh like old man pants.  I haven't given up, I'll just wait for a new shipment and hope that they are cut differently.
Very poor quality tore after less than five wears
I ordered my size and it was HUGE!  I washed it hoping it would shrink but it didn't.  I ended up handing it down to my daughter and ordering a smaller size.  I hope that the smaller size continues to run bigger or I am in trouble because it will be too small.
"No wrong size. Doesnt specify the specific type of size. The tag on the shirt says youth boys the
 Description of the product should read the same"
It can not be set....I don't care what the seller of this watch say...It can not..
Great looking pair of shoes but they were very loose around my ankles. Don't fit anywhere near as well as the laced model. Have a funny suspicion that these are fakes also as the inner sole does not have the NB minimus logo on it.
Cost more to exchange than to just donate to the Salvation Army
"These shoes are a danger to the republic! This is precisely the kind of technology that will enable terrorist women, terrorist gays, terrorist minorities, and other terrorist liberals to endure the long (and getting longer, just you wait) lines at the polls. Thankfully the People's Glorious Supreme Ministers of Justice have seen fit to enable the enactment of arbitrary standards for future access to the polls. And fortunately these shoes are colored with menacing bright pink, therefore it will be easy to identify terrorist voters, and shunt them into longer lines for ""secondary screening"".

Patriots, and republicans, should probably purchase as many pairs of these as they can afford, and destroy them! Dig deep to protect the Homeland! Prevent these weapons from getting into the hands of another terrorist who would do our Glorious Homeland even greater harm. We cannot let our future be ruled by pink sneaker shod liberal thugs!"
Only lasted couple hours then started to peel off already.
