The red band is Too short than shoes
The dress I received was a deep dark denim, nothing close to the color pictured.  Having to iron the pleats in was tedious and I just don't want to have to do that each time I want to wear it, so I returned.  Also for as thin as the material is, I think it is over priced.
Earrings were a little smaller than I thought they would be. However, they are very pretty and sweet.
The fit on this compared to the Weatherproof 32 Degree Womens Packable Down Vest that I purchased from COSTCO is totally different. Purchased the same size and could barely zip it shut where the other one fits like a dream. Seller was nice and allowed a return.
Bottoms were a little slippery.
Cute but I can tell the quality isn't the best so Ill carry it till it breaks
Good for the quality
Strong kerosine odor. Plastic print is thick- cute bag otherwise and hard to find Totoro.
Didn't like it.
I really wanted to love these shoes but they were just too small. My toes would hit the front of the shoe while running, which is no good. Otherwise I think they would have been really great for running, especially interval training, because they seem to have really great stability. In the end I had to return them, though.
"I don't have this dress but I'm a huge Harry Potter fan and all I can think when I look at this is
""tap with your wand and say, I solemnly swear I I up to know good""
I dont' have the body type to pull this off but it's a cute dress!"
Product looks great. Lense quality is average. Problem is arms are too wide. I've had them adjusted a few times and then they loosen up and feel like they will slide off. Sad because I love the way they look..
It fits great through the hip but is too loose in the waist. I was hoping to be able to wear it at my natural waist, but it sits much lower, so I just wear a fitted shirt un-tucked and it's okay.
This dress is great due to the forgiving draping, except that the bottom opening (which you have to put your head, preg belly and preg bum through) is SO small. I'm in my second trimester and it works for now so I'm going to keep it because of the price and because it's hard to find maternity dresses that work for me in navy. However, not sure how long it'll be able to fit over my body as my belly grows. I figure it will be good postpartum as a baggy 'fat day' dress. Also, the fabric is a bit static clingy, but looks nicer than jersey.
Cute and a good fit but the colors are cheap shades and ruin the classic look.
These arrived quickly, came true to size and looked just  as pictured. They look very comfy and are soft, however the shorts faded in the first wash. Good thing they are sleeping clothes, even though I have a feeling my son will love to wear the Batman t-shirt for play. So for the price I am giving 3.5/5 stars
"As I stated in my review of the black pair, I really wanted to love these, but I just can't.  I've long been in search of the perfect nude heels, and these almost fit the bill.

Most of the details are in my review of the black pair, but I've added some additional photos here for the nude.  Say hello to Mr. Pinky!  haha"
Wears out quickly
Just ok.  Looks better in pic than in reality.
"Looks and feels good but a little bigger then expect it.
Nice but not for me...."
I bought them for my son's factory job in his size. He says they get uncomfortable and his feet hurt when he gets home.
Fits as expected but "leather" doesn't hold up against the winter months. I bought them to keep my feet dry in the winter and they did just that but the leather is beginning to shed off.
This necklace and earring set are pretty enough to wear for a wedding, which is what I purchased them for. Overall they do not look or feel "real" but they are a nice costume jewelry set if you do not plan to keep them for a very long time. The earrings are stiff so they do not dangle as it looks like they should. They are pretty enough for photos then put them away.
"It's exactly what I wanted, and what I thought it should be.
Stars off because it's not worth 20 bucks, plus shipping.
It's just a Fruit of the Loom t-shirt after all.

Also, I can imagine that this shirt won't stand for too many passes through the wash before the letters start coming off."
Not what  expected but a decent T-shirt for price
This is a well made, solid, and beautiful watch but it is way too TALL for me.  And I love big watches!  Yes this thing is only 18mm thick but the extremely vertical nature of the rotating bezel is just to awkward for me.  And like I said, I love big watches!  I have 3 that are taller (18mm to 20mm) like my Speedway Reserve Valjoux 7750 and D-Blue.  But they don't feel nearly as tall because the bezel is angled or rounded.  I am returning this.
I thought it would be bigger in size but it wasnt
kinda big and baggy- works ok
They are a little tight at the toe, I like a little more space in my shoes. May I should have gotten a size larger. But I like Mephisto shoes, they are very comforable. I have a few pairs, it's just this pair that feels a little snug. Maybe I'll exchange them for a larger size.
"My actual rating is a 3.5 if they had the option.

These are some really cool shoes but they fit too tight. I'm at a point where I can't tell if I'm a size 9 or 8.5. I previously bought some Nike shoes size 9 cuz they didn't have 8.5 (which was/is my actual size) and they fit pretty good. I bought these in a 8.5 cuz they were the only size that went down like 20 bucks so I had to get them. When I first tried them on they fit me too tight. But I knew that over time they were gonna stretch out, which they kind of did. It's been like two weeks already and they still hurt on the side of my foot.
But overall this is a really cool shoe just make sure to get the right size. They might fit a little tight tho.
Also, the trim or whatever you want to call it reflects light when you shine light on it.
(Not the out sole the thing aroung the Nike swoosh). It looks like it's white but it's actually kind of black. It's reflecting the flash of the camera."
Dont like the material
These are VERY small.  Order a size, maybe two sizes, up.
"First the positives. It's comfortable (surprisingly so), well-adjustable, and the o-rings seem sturdy.

However, there is *no* way to hold the slack out of the way after the straps are tightened. So unless you are close to that 82"" maximum, you'll have 4 straps hanging and getting all over the place."
Was a good product, but not as expected
Not true to size. Smaller than expected.
Fit was good. I gave it 3 stars because the tye-dye was not as expected. It is just green around the rick and morty decal then a slight tye-dye around the edges and sleeves.
This dress was really cute but it fit pretty small. I got a Large, i normally wear size 14 pants/dresses and this was uncomfortably tight. I'm not even sure that it would fit a 12 comfortably, especially if you're a C cup or bigger. The problem is that this listing is for multiple dresses of different fabric and designs so I can only tell you that if you are getting this one, make sure you order up at least 1 size. I'm going to gift to my smaller sister.
Returned. Too narrow.
I ordered size 10 because that's my size! and it came bigger than expected
face is way too big
Maybe I just didn't read the details enough, but these shorts were extremely long for my shorter than average legs. Will be returning.
does not say what size
Doesn't look like the picture. Shirt is very small
Not nearly as nice as I hoped. Will not be making an appearance on my wedding day!
I ordered these after ordering and receiving the Paradise Silk set of six men's briefs and liked those a lot. Since these, Gurteen, used the same product picture, I assumed that they would be the same as the ones from Paradise, and wanted these for a bit of variety and so I wouldn't have to buy six at a time. They may use the same product picture, but they're not the same thing. These run small, even though I bought the same size as the others, and their construction, although similar is not quite the same. These, for instance, are constructed more like ladies' underwear, i.e., the crotch is narrower and the ride is lower, so that they're not as comfortable as the ones from Paradise Silk. The colors I received are one black, one reddish-brown, and one blue. The blue pair seems to be made from a different type of silk than the other two, having more of a woven texture. In future, I think I'll stick with the Paradise Silk and will buy another set of six, when the other color assortment becomes available. Also, don't have to wait six weeks for the Paradise Silk to ship from China.
The item was advertised as new-yet it had a scratch across the insert. Cannot give as a gift.
Not quite made like it looks in the photo.  Cheap feeling and much smaller.  Also, the boob band they send with it is ridiculously large.  I feel you have to have a particular body type to wear this because it does not fit all types.
These shoes are very pretty. They are also very comfortable EXCEPT for that little metal-like divet on the side of each shoe that TORTURES your pinky toe! I have normal size feet. I have normal arches. I have NO abnormalities of the foot that could account for that divet causing the very painful blister that my poor pinky toes received after wearing these shoes...BUT I like them so much sooooo I REMOVED that evil little divet and I suppose I'll wear the shoes that way. I'll find something, maybe like a rhinestone (attached with crafters glue - hoping it holds), to put OVER the new hole that won't go THROUGH and cause me any more pain. Truly, the shoes are lovely but Volcom HAS TO remove that divet.  It's horrible.
This bra was ok, I wasn't expecting much since I can't really try it on before buying it. Unfortunately, I've been blessed/cursed with a tiny ribcage and large bust. It's a hit/miss story when it comes to online bra shopping. This doesn't really fit me as well as I'd hoped. I ordered up a size, but the cup was still too small, giving the lovely quadra-boob effect. I'd order up a size, but there's not a bigger cup size for me to order lol. Oh well, it was a great steal of a price! The way this fits me personally is kind of weird too, the underwire is spaced too far apart in the center to fit comfortably, it digs in, and then the sides come clear up into my armpits.
Passable for price
I like the Chala brand, with fun and funky designs and motifs. I bought this to replace another Chala wallet, but the turtle on this causes the wallet profile to be thicker than the dog one I had, so it doesn't fit as sleekly into my purse as I'd hoped.
Run small
These earrings are so tiny!  From the picture, I thought they would be bigger.  They are pretty but you can hardly see them when they are on.  Kind of disappointed.
Great looking sweater. I ordered the XL and it fits like a junior's size instead of women's. In the title it says "women's" so I did not think it would fit the way it does. I can't wear it and will probably give it away to a younger cousin.
Ordered these boots with a few other boots from Seychelles brand.  The leather didn't seem as high quality and the sole felt more thin than Seychelles (ordered the Snare and Reunited boots from Seychelles as well).  I ordered a 7 and really I should wear a 6.5 so they only fit too large because I bought the wrong size.  Just didn't feel as high quality or supportive as Seychelles does.
liked the dress color and style but runs about 2 sizes small
runs a bit small, the color is darker than pictured.
Battery ran out after 3 months
The pack is fine, but it needs more adjustment in the strap for smaller waistlines.  I wear 32-33" waist pants and it's about 2-3 inches to big when it is at the minimum adjustment.  It's set up for about 35-36 inch waist at the smallest adjustment.  Now I'll have to take it to a shop to get the strap shortened.
Good looking boot.  But I ordered a 10.5 (I normally wear 10.5 or 11 in athletic shoes, and measure just short of 10.5 on a brannock device) and could barely get my foot into the thing it was so tight.  I don't have wide feet or anything.  The length was alright, but too narrow for me at its widest point.  I think an 11 would be too long. I sent it back, did not work for me.
These fit nice but learned real quick when you sweat in them they leave little black fuzz balls stuck to your skin.  Not great for working out. Maybe just to lounge in.
3 stars because item was smaller then I was under the impression of. If you like small earrings---go for them. Pretty but to little for me.
This runs small.  I'm 5ft 5ins at 155 lbs.  I purchased a medium and the top fits perfect, but the bottom is slightly tight.  However, overall the quality is decent and it's really cute on.
It's alright
I love the cross, the necklace broke the second time I wore it, but all in all I would buy it again.
waist is too big
the picture clearly shows the word Pandora on the charm  there is none on the charm. still the charm is cute
You probably won't like these boots if you have wide feet. Quality is good.
The quality of both items were good. I just wish it came in different sizes. Both items were swimming on my newborn.
it was a little too curved and sort of protruded outwards when in the piercing. it's beautiful
Very comfy and warm, but does run a bit big. Wish i got a size smaller.
Playing soccer with them...
It is nice
Cute shirt so far it's held up well
I did end up keeping this because I needed a white coverup last minute... But it doesn't look like the picture... In the picture posted it looks like there are ties... There are no ties. It's just a skirt... I did keep it because I needed it and it arrived right before my trip. Length was shorter than I wanted and I'm only 5 foot 2.
Very kool
shirt ordered was lady L for my sister in law, figured it would be fitted but when I got it I had to make sure it was an adult size because it looked so small I thought I ordered a youth size
KEPT IT EVEN THOUGH IT WAS SOMEWHAT SMALL  IT IS PRETTY
Really cute well made shoes bought for my 4 year old son. We have a problem with the heel slipping off when he walks... Seem to be comfortable otherwise.
"The dress is pretty, but it runs large. I usually wear an 8 or 10, so I ordered both. Then 10 was way too big, and the 8 was still loose.
Also, the giant medallion print on the bust didn't work for me at all. It made my already large bust look huge and disproportional (not in a good way). I wanted the dress to work, but I had to return it."
The V neckline is too deep, it exposes my breast. Also, I will have to have the waistline tailored as it is too big. However, the dress is of a very good quality and style for work.
The main issue with almost all CowCow dresses for larger women is that you should probably buy 1 to 2 sizes up, otherwise you are going to stretch the fabric and the pattern will either look warped or faded when you wear the item. When I bought this I thought I could get away with a 3xl but that wasn't the case. The deep blue of the advertising photo is stretched to a lighter cornflower blue when I wear it. Still a cute dress, just be aware when you order to get at least one size larger.
I like the shirt, however I ordered it too big.
I love the ring, but then after a couple of months wearing it everyday the rhinestones that are on the ring that is attached together started coming out
Because I am short the dress was a little long but otherwise true to size.
Dress was just way too big. I ordered a medium and the waist on it hung like an extra large.
Quality is okay.  Sizing it not true to size.  Way too big.
Cute dress but runs larger than normal for that size
nice ,but too big for me,for my mother is better.
Cute shoes! I bought a 1/2 size up but they were still a little snug-
Decided to give these a try, overall too narrow for my foot. I like the style and the leather doesn't seem like the highest quality but they could be a nice beater pair or for rainy days. Soles are nice, seems like they could be comfortable if they weren't too narrow
This is my 2nd pair of these Dexter SST8s and the quality is terrible in comparison to the first pair I owned. I bought my first pair about 4 or 5 years ago and they are still holding up just fine but wanted a new pair. Im disappointed in the new pair. They are not as comfortable and the quality of materials are lacking. Im already having peel back on one of my shoes and they have only been worn a few weeks. My older pair never had any peel back
Very lightweight shoe. Easy on/off.
for small wrists only
Lol small on top but nice
I am pretty straight up and down and this was not flattering one me.
This is more of a sweatshirt material than a sweater. It's warm, it's relatively cute. It is very comfortable. For the price it is a very good deal. You can't really see the embellishments on the black and white color but you can feel them. The sleeves are between three quarters and full length and the bottom of the sleeve is looser... Just an observation.
VERY CUTE BUT TO SMALL, GAVE IT TO A FRIEND FIT HER PERFECTLY
"The size is nice, and the pattern inside is also nice. Zippers and teeth are fairly large. Stitching is very neat. The two upper pockets are about 4X4 inches.
Why three star and not 5?
If I pay over $100 for a bag I don't expect an obvious defect. One of the clips for the shoulder strap is broken"
Could only give this 3 stars because despite it being ordered in the same size I have for other jeans by Wrangler, this particular type fits far too tight to wear comfortably, especially around the hips and thigh areas.
"I am a half size and I ordered down. These boots are too small, I am trying to return them as we speak.
Side note, if you are a half size, I recommend ordering up."
The upper material is much thicker & stiffer than it looks and it makes the sneaker feel very tight/small.  I own another pair of Puma - PUMA Men's Tazon 5 - which is much more comfortable than this one.
"I had a pair like this in black patent leather and they were so perfect! Lasted me a couple of years however,
this pair has top has cracked and it has only been a couple of months. Wish I could find the black ones. Fit is
so comfortable!"
They are a little big and wide. They flare out in the middle of the foot when you walk. Not terrible, but not great. You may want to go half size smaller. That may solve it.
Shirt looks like the picture but runs extremely small. My son is a tiny guy and this shirt was to small for him and I purchased an xlarge. I keep the shirt and he uses it as a house shirt.
not quite what I expected....
This sweater is cute. The colors are as pictured, and it would be great for spring time, with the light pastels. However, it does appear a bit on the larger size. I typically wear a medium in everything, and this medium is extra big on me. I decided to keep it...because I was too lazy to return it, but it will likely be something I only wear around the house.
The logo was somewhat distorted and they were very very small
Just another white top, it does not gather at the waist like it shows on the picture; therefore, it just drapes down on me.
a cheaply made hat that does it's job.....
Love the no iron. The buttons on the back are goofy. My 3 yr old granddaughter told me I had the shirt on backwards. I cut the buttons off.
Chain is starting to discolor.
I'm going to use this for layering, so I hope the things I wear over it will keep me from looking pregnant.  There's a lot of material, and it's somewhat stiff, and stands out, and makes you look larger than you are- a problem with some of the Caribbean Joe clothes.  They seem to think plus sizes women would enjoy looking pregnant- no thank you Joe.  Been there,  Done that.  So I can tell you this is decently made, and the lace isn't bad- but it's not super flattering.
I love these shoes, but the left sandal fits perfect but the right is too large. must be a defect in the pair. but I will keep them, it's not that noticeable
I really wanted to love these but I didn't. They were slightly tight and I did not like how they looked on. I sent them back.
Good price, but most of the bags are made cheaply. Either the zippers were broke or the straps broke.
It does the job for the price I payed. I'm sure if I had payed more for my buck the feeling on my skin would been alot more relaxing.......
"These shoes were not made quite right.  These shoes slipped off because the heel section of the
shoes was too wide."
They were comfortable. But they ran very big
Good button up for work and casual wear...Price is good and the branding is subtle.
I like larger size better, these are okay but not my favorite
Ordered M/L.  It's a size 4/6 at best.
This ran so small and it was so hard for me to put it on by myself to surprise my husband I wasn't able to lace it up as well in the back because it ran so small so it had to be opened up so much so for the record these run extremely small but it's super cute I will say that
They are beautiful but the biggest eight I've ever worn. Do not fit. Need to return.
It was smaller than I thought.
Not great quality
"Arch support missing.
No padding under toes - not much walking until you want to give up trying.
Heel makes loud steps. Sounds wooden, no softness to it.

********THE COLORFUL UPPER CLUMPS AND ROLLS*******
maybe this is the style, my it did frustrate me so much that I actually hairspray-ed it."
This is SO cute. But really small
These pants were smaller than expected, and they didn't fit me right (I'm 5'6", 135 lbs.). The material is also slightly shiny, which I wasn't expecting.
Costume is really cute but runs really small.
Perfect
Very cute shoe and well made. Had to send them back because they were very narrow. I've bought this brand before so I was sadly disappointed.
Good fit but the color was truly "blue" not at all "gray" as described. My husband likes them and will keep them on our up coming trip.
Fit was tight a first but then they seemed to strech. Lasted 6 months until the glue failed at the sole.
tight in the chest area. soft and warm though.
Really beautiful watch.  Nice clean look and the detail is nice.  However the watch is very heavy.  The band is heavy to the point I don't like wearing the watch.  If you like heavy feeling watches, you'll give this 5 stars.
"Good price for a costume. The outfit is a great look with the long sleeves. I'm a cd 5""10 and 176lbs and I went xL fit great. However look at this picture? The stitching
On the apron was horribly not centered."
Too short..kinda depressing since I got it for an event in a couple days. Its pretty if I was a shorty
I'm 5'6 and I got an  x-large to be on the safe side it fit fine but it was too short
I don't know why these have a different feel but my previous pair was much more comfortable - maybe it's because I broke them in and tried them on at a walk-in store. The quality was not up to par as my older pair were. There were stray threads all over the place, but it's not beneficial for me to return them and grab another pair. I hope that I can wear them in and that they'll feel like my old pair soon. We'll see. I'll change my review when I start to like them.
After laundry, it looked like a very old one. Everything else was OK. ( include the price )
Pretty stone but the chain broke as I was trying to remove the made in the USA sticker.
I was hoping that one of the compartments would contain a credit card holder
I really like the shirt, but it shrank a little after its first wash.
The boot itself was fine, but they did not work well with a big calf. It did fit over my calf, but I would not be able to wear pants with them. Not sure how  "wide" this company considers wide.
lovely hat but too small for my 7 1/4 head, mconsidered opening the back seam and adding elastic but... if this fits, it looks far more expensive than it is. sigh. And I am the smallest head in the family...couldn't find another to gift it to... Seller accepted return.
Looking good
Very very small.  Had to send back. I'd order this for a 4-6 month old.
The back post is really bendy so it doesn't lock all the time but they are cute.
This shoes has a ten to eleven month expiry date, product fits as expected and is comfortable for regular use. I bought this in 2016 and2017 and both the times product did worn out in eleven month timeframe.
Smaller than I thought.
These were cute but didn't last long. We were always fixing the clasps. But was what we expected for the price.
The snakes were falling apart the moment I opened the package. Its very poorly made, so youll have to glue them back for security. It did the job, I ended up spray painting the entire thing gold and it looked 100x better than the original look.
I have several Steve Madden bags that I love, and I am sure others would enjoy this bag too...but this one just fell flat for me for several reasons.  It was much bigger than I imagined.  Looking at the model photo now, I see that it is a pretty big bag in that photo but I just imagined it to be much smaller even though I did read the exact dimensions.  It's just a bit awkward to me, the crossbody strap is comfortable but I often like to detach that strap (with any bag) and use the handles instead.  These handles are not comfortable in my hand or on my arm due to their folded design.  It just feels kind of bulky and awkward to me.  I also think in the photos (on my laptop, desktop, and iPhone) it looks more of a khaki color than true taupe, which I was hoping for, but in real life it's definitely true taupe and I think it would actually pair better with grey or olive than tan/brown things.  It just wasn't what I was looking for at all so I immediately returned.  But it's not a bad bag either.  My favorite features were the actual usable rounded sections at each end, and the very cool & trendy looking fringe.  I think the combination of quilted and fringe in this type of material is a cool mix that allows one to style it more minimalist or bohemian depending on the day.  I wasn't so crazy about the ribbed finish on each end of the barrel shaped bag though - it would look better quilted like the sides of the bag, in my opinion.
I like the style, the fabric is a little too stretchy for me. I'm busty and fall right out. There is no way to tell front from back,  the fit is the same either way. Still comfortable.
Very very cute, but VERY small! That's why I rated it 3stars. But it's a very cute looking romper. Its just sized for a junior or very petite framed person. I'm quite average in size. I'm 5'6" &145-48 lbs, and a 6 or 8 USA women's. The " XL" says it's equal to a USA sz4 or 6 (I can't recall this second, if it says 4 or 6), but it's definitely about a sz 4 or smaller, lk a sz. 2. I didn't even try it on, I could tell right out of the package that it was not even close to being able to fit me. I'm a sz. 6 or 8, depending upon the maker.
Okay for inexpensive suit to were when I hit the bar.
Nice quality bag, I wish the shoulder straps were more comfortable.
The glass had an odd film like it was peeling, probably just the one I got, no one else seemed to mention it. I had to return them.
"Slightly on the smaller side, but I have a large cup size so that may be the only problem.
Great shirt otherwise!!!"
nice purse but zipper broke first day i received it its nice other than the zipper breaking will have to fix it in order to use the purse kind of small inside but nice
They are cute, but they are cut the same front and back so there is no butt.  it's too low in the back and I have to fold the front down for it to be even, then, when you sit, the butt slides down.
This fits just fine except that the navy image sweater is a lot lighter than the actual sweater. It was very close to being black. I had to really take a much closer look(really compare side by side) at both the black and navy colored sweaters to determine if I was sent the correct sweater. Uploaded color image needs to be correct or the sweater itself needs to be a lot lighter to match the image.
Roomy...fabric is stiff even after washing.
The charm itself is very nice. But it arrived with a broken chain.
The fabric is very thin. It seems to beade for people with very narrow shoulders and a big gut. The chest region was so tight I was afraid I was going to rip the buttons off, but the stomach area was so loose and baggy I felt like I was wearing maternity clothing.
"Overall, I like the jacket. $20 for a cotton/linen blend is pretty good value.  It came in a small package wrapped tightly into a ball.  I took it to the laundromat to have pressed into the correct shape and remove wrinkles. I didn't mind that,
What I don't like about it is, it has no breast pocket! Although it has three other pockets, the breast pocket is fake. The breast pocket is the most important pocket-with out it, you cant use pocket squares. Without a pocket square it looks too much like a lab  coat. I would gladly give up any/all of the other pockets to have a breast pocket. Further more, since it was inconceivable the pocket was fake, I thought it was stitched shut like the lapel button hole or the vents. So I used a stitch ripper to open up the breast pocket and ended up removing that fake piece that mimics the hem of the non-existing pocket. So if you buy this jacket don't do that.
I guess Ill use silk lapel flowers instead of pocket squares.
The overall fit is good and its better for hot weather than my other sport jackets."
The graphic on the shirt was printed on twice, and looked fuzzy...and is now falling apart at the seams after wearing it at max 5 times, and going through the washer and drier about 5 times as well.
Fits a little snug, but it does fit.
ex wife is fat
Nice jeans but very skinny. Not slouchy boyfriend cut like was stated
THE METAL PART OF THIS BELT IS SHARP AND NOT CLAMPED ON THE LEADING EDGE VERY GOOD. WHEN TAKING IT OFF, IT GRABS THE BELT LOOPS.OTHERWISE, I WOULD HAVE GIVEN IT A 5 STAR RATING.
I was sad that I ordered my actual size and it was to small. I lived the fabric and the pattern just not size. I was able to give it my sister who just loves it and it was just 1 size to big for her which she liked.
im 5'5, somewhat overweight with wide hips and a small torso. I usually wear M-L but I got an XL. The top fit perfectly but the shorts are too tight for my hips and thighs. Its still a very cute and comfortable pair of pajamas.
It fits fine, but the zipper part scratched my skin off from the inside. Be careful!
Too large
Nice sock but did not fit as advertised so the wife got 'em....Bummer
plenty long enough but very snug above the bells
Nice quality shirt, but the print looks too small for the large. It's not centered on the shirt, it's kind of high. But my brother loves it.
I always wear a size 7 in boots. These are very narrow, especially in the ankle area. I have a narrow foot and small 13" calf. The calf fit me perfect with leggings but, The foot and ankle were very tight. I usually have problems with boots being too wide. If you have a very narrow foot these may be okay. For the price I did not expect much but, I really cannot rate 5 stars like other reviewers. They look okay for only $30.  For a "Prime" item it still took a week to get here:(
The color was not what I expected.
Feels like the shoes have two different archs, other then that its good.
The suit is pretty and fits well enough.  However if you are looking for a supportive suit this is not for you.  No tummy control at all and built in bra has no support.
Its nice dress but runs small. Had to return.
The cape is itchy & my boys refuse to wear it with the PJ's, but other than that, they are ok. They also fit large (my twins are 4, but wear a 5T normally... the 5T is more like a 6).
it`s too large.  1.5  inches waist
skimpy material...
It's ok but the inside is kind of rough and rubs
Somewhat small for my head - hard to keep in place with long hair tucked under even with the cap.
Do not recommend .
I ordered this shirt for my boyfriend as a gift. He always has a hard time finding shirts that fit him properly since he is pretty tall, a bigger guy and has large shoulders. When he first tried the shirt on it fit excellent. This alone would have caused me to give the shirt a 4 or 5 star review. Sadly though after washing and drying the shirt one time it shrunk pretty bad. The shirt is now too short and pretty worthless.
They're cute but really uncomfortable. I was surprised Rockport!
"This is nicely made, but CLEARLY not for a man!  :-)
#manpurse"
"I loved this bracelet, but I wore it for less than two weeks, not every day, and the clasp is broken! It will not close and I almost lost all my charms!
I'm very disappointed in this product.  Products looking and costing as much as this bracelet should not go bad so quickly!!!!

Now I have to find a good bracelet to replace this broken one, and get another to complete the charm bracelet I'm making for my Niece!"
Love this too but definitely runs smaller around the back (not in cup size)
The wrap around part looks good but it feels a bit weird. It also shifts around as you move so you constantly have to adjust it.
It was a bit short and not very flattering on me, but it's so cute on the model, it's probably great for someone with fewer curves.
I am a size 8.5m. Had to return them because they were too narrow for me, but they were definitely a soft comfortable slipper.  I would recommend going up at least a full size if you order.
ok
Boot is not very soft and somewhat inflexible faux leather
Great quality dress, but fit like a bell shape. Perfect up top but from the bottom waist and down it was huge and full. Looked like their plus size version, not like the regular size on the model. Sent it back.
not authentic miss me
they were just fine service was fast
teeny but it works because Im also teeny. The bottoms were perfect but the top barely covered my nipple and I wear a Bcup. Not bad for only paying like $2 for the suit. Did the trick when I was in a pinch
Runs small.
This shirt was awesome at first but after a few washes it became very worn and the graphic began to fall chip away
I'm 5,2 and the dress is too long.  Definitely made for taller women.
the quality of these shoes are low for how much you pay for them. not quite what I expected.
A few of them broke when I was walking fast
Great but they snag as do anything made of terry cloth and as I bought them to wear arond the house and to sleep in(because of the pocket) will choose to give away.)  Great for the price and to use at the beach.
They feel a little small
Just okay.
Not much stretch to the waistband so there was only a very small window where the pants fit. We missed that window, hopefully they'll get a use in as a hand me down. Very soft and cozy, they just need a bit more give.
Original sweatshirt ordered for my granddaughter. Delivery took to long to arrived.
Great for a high arched foot, fits like a wide. Well constructed. I had to return too big for me.
Tight around the chest
I got these for my mom. She loved the style and thought they were super cute! However they were way too small. Probably a size and half too small. She usually wears a wide shoe, but I have read many reviews that Danskos can fit for a wide foot. They always got me perfectly.
Ok
Very revealing and exposes boobies!
The material was very comfortable however they didn't stretch at all and did not properly form to my feet. Ultimately they are not the worst socks I've ever worn but they are nowhere near as nice as advertised.
Runs SMALL. Felt like a youth size in a large. Disappointing bc the design is great.
Runs small
Extremely uncomfortable. They hurt to stand in and just walk 5 feet to the nearest mirror. I had to return them primarily for that reason (I'm used to the comfort of Ariat boots - they require no break in). Also there were stitching issues with these boots, which would only worsen with use. Overall they're beautiful. Just didn't work out for me.
the chain was hard to open and close and had to rip it off my neck to get it off.  So it is broken now.  Wore it one nite only and will need a jeweler to repair it.  Clasp could be easier to open because you cannot see what you are doing in the mirror with it. I loved it while it was not on me though but Ii bought with hopes of wearing it a lot.
Great pajama set but the seam on the leg had about a five inch tear.  Not worth sending back so will have to fix myself.  If it wasn't' for that tear I would give it an excellent.
One of the pairs is visibly larger. All pairs had many loose threads.
Nice shoe
"I love the concept of these mini travel pack bartender pack that makes up to two drinks. Depending on how you travel two drinks will just be your starter, but I understand that the company is trying to keep it classy. Hence the linen bag and coaster.

My beef is that this focuses on being clever and fifty when it could be more useful to the every man (or woman) if the linen coaster had been traded in for two more packets of sugar. There are in fact enough bitters in the bottle to make more than two drinks. And the price is a bit over the top. At nearly $25 this is a little strep for a couple drinks."
"I usually wear a 24 which it says should be a 3X so that's what I ordered but it was much too tight in all the wrong places. I think if I wanted it more flowy, I'd have to order a 5X. The material was ok but I was expecting that kind of silky elastic and this was like a thicker, matte version. Wouldn't call it soft.

Also, this was my fault, but I didn't realize the cat faces are in negative. So the ears, eyes, and noses are this weird shade of blue. They look like alien cats."
Looks better in the picture.
These are far from good but do work.
With elastic waistband, I did not expect these shorts to run so loose.
Seemed round, it's not: more flat than round.
In general, I liked the watch.  However, the outside ring of numbers is plastic and turns ever-so-slightly away.  The band is completely horrid.  If you buy this watch, you will want to a different band.  I tried to find the MM width of the band in order to purchase one on Amazon, but it is not listed in the product information.  I asked for this information, but it has not yet been provided.
They look amazing but they feel weird; the left one rubs my pinky toe so I have to wear a corn guard even though I don't have corns so it won't hurt.
Shirts are a little larger than expected, and one shirt in the pack had a large red dot on it. I am going to contact Amazon for a return. Very soft and nice though, hopefully they will shrink a little.
Great piece
I liked the look but found them to be very narrow.
It looks beautiful, but it runs too small at the top area. I ordered it medium according to their chart. I had to return it. This mistake put me on stress mode, this dress was for my courthouse wedding.
Its alright. I didn't expect that this will be of different fit compared to other brands.
okay based on price  quality a little skimpy
This suit has beautiful colors and good quality fabric, but the sizes run really small and I had to send it back.  I would have ordered one size up, but I had ordered a size 14 and that was the largest size that they had at the time.  So if you are going to order this swimsuit be careful and order AT LEAST 1 size larger than you think you need.
This was a cute top at first but lost its shape after one washing and also shrunk a bit.  I only got to wear it once.  If you buy it, suggest that you handwash.  Also it is pretty short.  I am 5 9, it would be better on someone a few inches shorter than me.
The inserts for the boots are made of shooty materials that rip when you take your foot out of the boot.
Shirt fit as expected, but the brown is so dark that you can barely make out the Crayon logo. Disappointing. Ordered other colours for a group Halloween costume, and all of the others looked great.
Length about one inch too short. Pockets are nice. Good color.
Very nice - but quite large for an XS. Will have to return
"I like the color of these jeans and they look nice overall. However I encountered a cup of issues:
-The material is on the thinner side, which works fine for the summer, but it makes the jeans less durable. It also has some stretch.
- I am not tall, and the zippers bother me a little at the ankles.
- It runs about 1 size larger than my usual in the brand, so it slides down when walking, although not very noticeably."
Graphic not quite as nice as shown and shirt not a very solid black, but its still nice.
Really liked the handbag. Looked nice and had a large concealment area for your gun. Ordered in black and brown. BUT, shoulder strap about 4 inches too short to be worn crossbody.  Returned both.  Would buy again if this flaw was corrected!
Just ok with me, not really like it but I will give it to a friend
liked fit , soles to hard.
I ordered these pants for my 8 year old that is still wearing a 10-12 size.  They fit just right around the waist but the legs were way too long.  I don't even think boots would have helped.  I had my 10 year old daughter try them on and they fit her just right in the length and were a tad snug in the waistline.  I lieu of returning the item I am going to hope for the best that after a couple of washes they still fit okay.
Sizing was a little wacky, but with the help of a good tailor this dress is now the star of the show every time I wear it. Reasonably durable and great in a professional setting--provided your legs are hidden when you sit. Be prepared for the dress to hitch up when you sit, as the button-down aspect exposes a lot of leg!
Most shoes are too big for my son when I get his size, however these were a bit snugg. The light that is supposed to come on only worked for the first couple of days. He did love the shoes, but unfortunately he has already out grown them.
OK, minimalist with no features than telling the time and a great light.
Nice and and very good quality .thank you seller . But somewhat small.
Looks too much like a gunnysack.  Armholes are tight yet body of dress is HUGE.  Material is good, though.  Had to return it.
none
Thought this bag would be cute with the sides unzipped so as to reveal the snakeskin print; however, I was a bit disappointed in that the snakeskin print wasn't all that noticeable as I thought it would be.  Maybe if you carried a lot of stuff in your bag, the weight of your items might cause the snakeskin to "pop out" more, but I didn't think it was noticeable enough to make a "wow" statement with the bag, so I returned it.  By the way, this bag is very deep and large.  I thought a bit too large for my frame.
I got black color instead of coral . Little mistake :). Size 8 a little smal, but you didn't have 8.5. But beautiful look and comfortable
doesn't hold shape
"the shirt is  fine but runs 1 size smaller ,
usually boss items are smaller than other"
VERY NICE shoes. The reason I don't give it more stars is because it came with a scratch in the back part of one shoe. But they are very comfy, love the color, the shoe laces are navy blue, and looks very stilish :)
not bad
Much less delicate that I hoped it would be - but striking.
Felt like a lump in the arch. Had to return
Just like other reviews said, the mesh started to rip within a week or two. I am not even an active person. Most of my time wearing these shoes I stare at computer for school work. The only time I walk is from my car to school and from my office to class.
I loved the bottoms, but if you're not big in the chest then the top just looks rediculous on you.
This shirt was a little smaller than I expected it and the texture of the cotton was not as smooth as I would have liked.  I still keep the shirt and where it.  However, with the new materials and the ways to make the material feel softer and better I was overall disappointed.
Cute top. But the cups are way to small. I don't think this top will fit anything past a c-cup, no matter what size the band is. Its not designed for us curvier girls/
Order a size up because it shrinks a good deal, but it's a nice tank top.
They are cute but the paint chipped quickly. My favorite is the spring looking one and I just use nail polish to male it look like new
Just be aware if you have big tatas or nips this will not cover them. I have a C cup and that square that appears to cover her nips is small. Not much support but I'm going to get cups sewn in to provide some support hopefully. The front and back are hella sexy though.
nice shirts but sizing is wrong.
My 15 month old is a premie so i thought the 12 months would fit just righy it was still a little big. Description says it's a thermal suit; she was still cold getting out of the pool in an indoor pool.
Purchased this style in pink. Loved it! I was disappointed with this blue one. The cross body strap is not very sturdy.  Too thin. Other wise I like the look of this bag.
Didn't like the fit- and too short for me at 5ft 9in. I wanted something below the knee.
I really like this kurti, I just wish I would of ordered up one size. It's a little snug, & not true to size.
I like the simplicity and the length very much. Unfortunately, the pendant was more white than pink and the chain is already losing it's gold color.
Fits HUGE! I bought a small and it feels like a large. But it's super soft and comfortable. I'd maybe buy it again, but buy a smaller size; except they are a little pricey.
Pretty. Hard to fill & seal
Cute but tiny
They are kinda pretty, but you have to have a really thick ankles to be able to wear them comfortably. Liked the shoes, but did not like them on me...
If you are looking for a cheap replacement for your Costa lenses, they work.  Not the greatest quality.  They change color when you look through different areas of the lense and leave a little glare.  Im not knocking them but they are no way near the quality of real Costa lenses.
They were to big
Wish the letter was a better color and  material is not great quality for the price
Soft to the touch, smaller than I expected and the zippers are purely cosmetic
The dress runs a little small and although cute, is priced too high for what I received.
The pendant is nice but the clasp immediately broke on the cheap chain.  Would recommend buying a chain seperately!
It's a good shirt, but the one I bought directly from the company had a bottle opener on it, unfortunately it was a size L and was too small...found the same company on here and got an XL.  Not sure if it's a knockoff, but no bottle opener and wayyyyyy too big.
Don't like the material as much as  the older style I wore for years.  Since they are no longer available I guess I will  learn to like.
Very mice and cute but small. I bought 8.5, and it's shorter than most size 8 shoes. Also, quite narrow in the toes. I am sending them back.
The was made of much thinner material than I anticipated even though it is leather.
Tight around big toe
Had to return.  Very large fit.  Dress is nicely made and my daughter loved it. Would replace, but not sure if 1 or 2 sizes smaller would fit.
Very tall and surface area on the bottom is much smaller than a regular show bottom. Actually very comfortable
DOESNT FIT PER SIZE
Cute shirt. Follow the size chart.
This is a beautiful Watch! My husband absolutely loves it and wore it everyday... until it broke just about 6 months after I bought. I tried multiple times to get it  touch with the company to see if they could send me the piece that broke. I even told them I would pay for the one little piece. I never received a reply. Nothing. This company apparently has 0 customer service. All I want is a replacement piece for the bank.
"It's extremely small won't fit
I ordered a 7 but it doesn't fit any of my fingers
It's a very nice ring but not true to size"
Looks really good. My son loved it!! Only negative is the hair is too lose and falls out otherwise it really resembles Michael Meyers!! Its comfortable too.
these jeans fit true to size if knowing this i would had purchased a size bigger in the waist
Looks great, but my son reports his feet hurt by the end of the day. He said the shoes could benefit from more sole padding.
Not the most flattering cut and started breaking down after one wear, but the price was right.
Cute. But had way to many issues with the belt.
Hopefully will fit soon.  It is very cute
"Although these say ""for girls,"" I am 26 and wear them mainly on my lobes, but have used it for my tragus and cartilage/conch piercings (only since they have been healed for 6+ years - these are 20 gauge and cartilage piercings are typically 16 gauge) but think they are great for the most part.

 My main complain is that they are very much on the thinly made/cheap feeling side, but they still look shiny and I was only able to wear them for less than a month, until I woke up with one bent in half just from sleeping. I wear them in my second lobe hole the majority of the time, and think they look so pretty. I just wish they were made a little better since they didn't last even a full month of on and off use.

I had no issues with tarnishing, but I did not wear them 24/7. I took them out to shower all but one or two times, and tried to not sleep in them...the one night I did - I was right, they break easily. If you are careful, they are worth it - probably not for a little girl seeing how flimsy they are, but I love the look.

I took a picture next to a nickel and dime to give you a better size idea :)"
Quality is impeccable but several sizes too small
Expensive compared to  some other brands of same quality
Stretches easily
It's a cute tech shirt shirt, but it's not a rash guard.  I will keep it, and my son will wear it for soccer practice, etc, but it's definitely not meant for swimming (too loose, and fabric is tech fabric not spandex/stretchy like most rash guards are.
The suit is extremely cute but unfortunately extremely small. I ordered a large which barely covered my nipples. I gave the top to my 14 yr old cousin and she loved it. If you have anything over a B cup do not buy!
I was excited to get the shirt since I'm a shaco fanatic and main. The size was a bit tight for a 2x and the image is blurry almost pixelated.
It was too large for me even though I wear this size. This shirt is a summer weight and is somewhat thin.
Good quality metal, but the diamond pieces fall out after a while. I received multiple of the same color, and some without diamonds. Still wear the ones with diamonds!
Ordered a medium, feels like a large.
Fit nicely but material is somewhat thin compare to other brand names. 100% cotton so far it hasn't shrunk that much
fit is snug
Though this wig is very soft when first coming out of package, it will slowly loose that overtime if you don't take care of it. Also, be ready to give it a bit of a hair cut! It was a bit too long than in this photo when I received it.
Nicely made, but too tight across the toes for me. I have had many pairs of Pikolinos over the years,  it's my favorite brand, but the fit made them impossible to wear. I returned them.
A bit shorter than expected and I ordered the largest size for my 8 year old.
I'm keeping this dress because I paid under $30 for it.  It looks fine and is well made fabric wise.  It's just not that flattering though and the print isn't quite as attractive in person.  Also the lining up of the fabric when they pieced the bodice to the skirt section of the dress was done sloppily.  It's fine for kicking around in the house or running errands but it's not something I'd wear to anyplace nicer.
This bottom is so cute, however it does not fit like shown in the picture. I ordered a Large, and it still fits lower than shown. Its more of a low-low  style.  I had originally ordered a size medium but that one was way too small as well. My teenage daughter refused to wear it. The back also sits very low. With a size LARGE you will still be able to see some booty line. No way around it. Im only 120lbs so im not sure what else could have been done. I really gave this one a try and I really loved the style, but there is no way one could sunbathe and get in the water without showing the goods.
"As for the size, my size in this brand 6.5 it fits right on, but fit on top and in the heel feels very strange. Top is wide, not hard get it or get out, but my heel sleeping off. Agree with other reviews, fit just not right, something is off....
Otherwise, nice reach color, heel pretty much comfy, but just not for me.... returning :("
XL fit like a M or L.
These shoes fit about 1/2 size too small and are very narrow. They look exactly like the picture and seem to be made well.
The picture doesnt do these justice.  They are quite ugly.  Looks more like a shoe a man would wear.  Like grey tweed.  They are very stiff and don't flex well.  Reminds me of rental shoes.  These will work fine for bowling but will be getting a different pair.  Just not comfy.
Great shirt, but too large for a 5' 5''.
Nice design, but it's a cheap concert shirt. The cotton isn't the best quality and it is NOT preshrunk. The Large comes oversized like an extra large, but shrinks to true large after one round in a hot dryer. The Medium appears to be a true medium but shrinks to a small quickly after a round in the dryer with even low heat.
Wished they had advised of more narrow construction
Returning this because the feel of the fabric is scratchy and I didn't want my daughter to wear it. Also, I think it runs true to size.
Belt is much darker than the picture.  Thought it was black at first glance.
Too big
"The fit is fine but its a bit heavy.
I tried this under a parka in a 37-41F temp and this is more for keeping you warm while indoors, like in an office."
The turtle is bigger than I expected.
Not worth the $
I bought these before i went to Mexico. I didn't want to take an expensive pair with me. They did a great job and i really like them.
These are super cute, love the fringe and color, but they did look kind of cheap close up and did not fit well, a little large on me. I had to return.
Not good quality.
Red paint missing on flame. Not worth the money.
Three stars just on how gorgeous the dress top is! The picture is not very misleading, in that sense I'm satisfied with the purchase.  The dress I received may have been more closely gemmed, the skirt went closer to my knees I'm around 5'6" and the bottom fabric looks slightly cheap but not bad at all the top makes up for it. I'm sure with ironing it would look better. The fit is what threw me off. The chart said I'm a 2 in the bust, 4 in the waist, and 4/6 in the hips, so I decided to go with a 4. It was very very baggy on top, to the point that taking it in would cause it to wrinkle. I had many friends of different sizes (size 4-12) try it and none fit. I'm assuming if your bustier, with not too small nor too big of a waist you'll fit great. Hope this helps a little.
I wish the shoes were just a little more giving.  It wears like a cheap shoe.  It has been hard to find a nice stylish brown shoe dress or causal. I will keep them to wear with my jeans.
The fit was a little loose..but my fiance loved it..no complaints here!
Velcro issue with someone with small head size like me.
Size misstated, returned the product.  Did not reorder.
The trunk & neck of the shirt are sized appropriately. The arms are much tighter than other European shirts I have in the same size. To the point it is digging in to my arms in an uncomfortable way.  Again, I have other European style t-shirts that I love, but the arms on this one are way too tight.  The fabric is soft and launders well, but the extra small arms caused me to give an otherwise great shirt 3 stars.  I am so disappointed.
Fits as expected based on the seller's size chart. Dress is well made, for the most part, and looks as full as it does in the picture. My only problem is the collar does not fit, and does not look the way that it does in the picture. It's cheap and large, has no use. The bow in the picture is shown in lace with the black cotton trim, the dress I received the bow is larger (almost tacky) and made of the same satin as the front of the dress. I'm not going to return it, I still really like the dress.
I purchased lots of socks to find the one that works for my kid with sensory issue, and to avoid dealing with tanrums. My picky girl like this sock for some reason and happily put on these by herself every morning since I got the 1st set.  The socks shrinked lots.
Way tooo small for me. They barely fit my wife
The watch was keep stopping although it was brand new and should be keep working as long as you are wearing it. I had to contact Zenith to get it repaired
Dead battery had to be replaced upon arrival. Otherwise good watch and deal.
For this pricing, although the quality is likely good, (I did not even try it on), I was not expecting a product with a Kangaroo logo, a reference to Canada, shipment from Kentucky, to actually be made in China! -  Not what I had expected, and yes, I should have done more research! -
KInda runs a little small. Shows side boob if your a B cup
Pretty shoe but some of the "side straps" were too big and stuck out too far. Wasn't fitted to the foot and looked too large
it is very hot in the boot and is not good for your feet.
OK
These loafers are very pretty but are built for narrower feet. I usually wear an 8 in Doc Martens. This design is longer and narrower than I expected and it's taking a while to break them in, probably due to the patent finish. Just be aware that they won't work for a wider foot.
I would have given it 5 stars had it been the color described, ''dove grey,'' instead it is a true taupe color. I really wanted grey.
Only issue was the arch support
I ordered a Large.  The bottoms were a Large and they seemed to fit my daughter ok.  However, the top that came in was an XL.  It was too big.  Hopefully, we can take it up enough to make it fit.  The design is very cute, just not a great fit.
I love the style and feel of the coat.  Fine craftsmanship and high quality materials.  Problems are that the coat is smaller than expected (ordered XXL) and upon arrival I couldn't even cross my arms wearing the coat in a T-shirt, much less layers.  I did like the coat very much, however and it fit fine with my arms down so I took it to a tailor.  It seems the majority of the problem was a liner too small for the outer, though the outer wool layer is also smaller than one would expect for a XXL coat.  It cost me extra to have it altered, which is annoying and unexpected.  The coat wasn't what you would expect for the size it claims to be.  However, it is stylish, attractive, warm and well made.  3/5 stars and a decent deal on sale.
I ordered this dress in a size 7 for my 7 year old. The fit of the dress itself is perfect however, the belt is significantly too small. Amazon, can I get a replacement belt?
WAY too small, like 2-3 sizes too small.  Nice design and well made, but unable to wear.
Its all right. A little thin
Too tight in the ear once twisted on.
Just received my kit, love the cedar box but found the two glass polish containers shattered with small pieces of glass all over everything else. Hope that they do a better job on packing and protecting the glass containers.
Quality is cheaper than expected, it gives chemical smell after the first use.
A bit shorter than in picture. Fits me more like a long crop top, stopping below my belly button but not quite passing my hips.
If flats do not bother you this is a good buy.
Shoe tighter than expected. Returned for refund.
Although, I am 5'6" and they were too short for me.
Very poor quality but for someone who isn't walking that's only going to wear them a few times, they work.
Was ok , was a little off on one side
For now I m very happy whith it
"I will be returning.
Wear Gravity but could not find any in my size women 9.5.
Will try Motion."
The quality of this bag is great, but it has one big defect. The only practical place to put your laptop (e.g. my MacBook) is in the front sleeve. But when you do that it puts too much weight on the front and the bag tips over easily, because the wheels don't support something sticking out like that.
My grandson is a soccer player and I bought him a navy blue robe and was looking for slippers to match when I came across these.  I ordered them in a youth size 5; they sent a size 4.  These slippers came by "Royal Mail" from England, so needless to say, it was a no-brainer not to spend the postage to send them back.  He loved the slippers and got his feet in them but he won't be wearing them for long.  They are nice slippers but not happy that they sent the wrong size.
I'm 5'2" and this skirt was way too long.  It was mid-calf rather than knee length as pictured.
It's a bit smaller than it looks.  It would make a great bag for traveling.  Color is great!  Very Dr. Who.  Won't be able to use it everyday.
Excellent shipping  Nice material  Could be looser by size Perfect for the little tool man that dreams of being a grown up handyman
I got these to obviously fit over my glasses while driving. They most certainly get the job done, but they are fairly fragile. I was putting it on one day and a piece of the ear part broke off. It is still usable in its state but I have to hang the broken part on my glasses so it doesn't scratch my head.
The material feels cheap
Nice shirt, I bought it for my husband who wears size 16 1/2 but it is huge !!! Too big for body, sleeves and neck, really is giant !!! Nice shirt, good quality but size is huge!
This suit is pretty cute. But, I ordered a red one, got a yellow one. There was some confusion about what was available and when it would be arriving. It took about 3 weeks to arrive from China.  The suit was for my 3 year old granddaughter. The description said it fits 2 years-6 years----that's a pretty big size range, but it was only $5.45, so I figured what the heck? It really is too large for the 3 year old, but she can wear it to play in the sprinkler in the back yard.
Okay for sunglasses but not for prescription lenses. Flimsy construction.
;)
The quality of this suit seemed fine, although it may have been slightly thinner material than the Hilfiger suits at Macy's. More importantly I expected a classic fit but these were most certainly a very slim fit. I normally wear a 34 waist but I couldn't even get my leg into the 36 waist pants. Unfortunately I had to send back.
I like the product except for for some reason it's got very tight sleeves which makes it uncomfortable.  I wouldn't have expected that.
These pajamas were perfect until I washed and dried them. At first the bottoms were at my ankles. I am 5'7". Now they are about 6" above my ankles. They look weird, but at least are comfortable. Just don't want anybody to see me walking around in them. Perhaps they should be line dried, but that is a hassle. I would not buy them again since they shrunk so much.
Runs a bit big
i bought it as a toe ring and it has tarnished.
I bought a size 32, but this came out too tight. I can still wear it on a good day, but not too casually since the tightness plus stress from carrying too much can equal up to a really stressful walk. I probably should've went two sizes up. I can tell their durable too, so skateboarding in these should be interesting.
super cute but very small. my daughter is a tiny 2t and the 2 t is small for her!
Its a very pretty color and would probably be nice on but, doesn't come close to size extra large.  I'll probably donate to my church for their annual Rummage Sale.
It's cute but it is not 6 months...it's like 4 years lol! I didn't see it was 6m-2yr...lol I've seen 6-12 month outfits but 6months-2 years...that's stupid! Lol. It was my fault for not noticing it went to 2 years !
Too bulky for my purposes, otherwise a nice, quality purse.
These boots are super cute and very versatile.  The detachable sweater covering is nice, and sometimes I wear them as leg warmers.  Only 3 stars because the boot material looks and feels cheap. They are a bit narrow in my opinion.
Nice styling but the back is a little large -- bulges out a little.  Not a perfect fit but it still looks nice.
Pro- Stays in place/does not slip off the foot.  Cons - so thin, the material is similar to panty hose versus a sock, so easily runs/holes in big toe, as if they are one-wear disposable liners.
The lace on the bottom was sewn on and the just cut with out being hemmed in the front . Big as well.
The wig served it's purpose.  Hair was difficult to manipulate and fell in front of the face a bit.
Very cute ring, tends to pinch where the top ball sits inside the flower/butterfly ring
The bottom were much smaller in the stomach and rump area than my other scrubs same size. I was afraid to squat in them gave them away.
So heavy but nice
According to my measurements, the size chart said I would need an xxl. But I decided to go with an xl because I wanted that snug fit. When the item was delivered (on time) I tried it on and wasn't very happy with the fit. It fit just right, not too big and not too small. But the point is for it to be tighter and snug so I'm going to order a size large this time.
Looked great but the studs were too short to fit the ear correctly.
Very pretty but clasp broke after the second day
Skirt material is somewhat scratchy and feels cheap. She will definitely have to put tights or leggings tights underneath.
not what I expected, but still ok and convenience.
Great pants but fell apart within a year.
The material of this top is super thin and looks wrinkly.  Not a great quality material.  I like my exercise tops to be longer, but this one is a little too long.
Thick and clunky
"I ordered these in size 5 first because my other Manitobah muluks (canoe moccasin and short boot moccasin) run large. I am size 6.5 and since these do not come in half sizes, I ordered down to size 5, which works for their other shoes even though it takes some time and effort to stretch them to the proper fit. Not so with these! I stuffed my feet in and they were incredibly tight. I wore them for about an hour and gave up because my feet were suffering. There is stitching inside these that rubs hard against my toes. I reached in and felt with my fingers a substantial flap of stiff leather all around the toe area. I thought that maybe I could turn them inside out and trim the pieces but there is no hope of doing this either.

I love the look of them so much that I ordered another pair in size 6 thinking surely that would be the solution. They are really tight as well and the leather stitching inside the toe area still rubs hard on my bare feet. So...I have to wear medium-thick socks and that keeps my toes from being abraded. They are pretty tight but I am thinking that in time they will stretch, so I won't send them back. The unique design and high-quality suede keep me wearing them; I love looking down at my feet and seeing these there. Of all my mocs I get the most compliments on these.

My feet are wide and flat with short toes - these are out of stock now or I would go ahead and order a size 7! I really do love Manitobah Mukluks moccasins but have the hardest time finding the right fit. If you have a half-size foot, be aware that it will take more time to find a good fit."
I received the jacket with an additional small front pocket, which is not the style as the picture shown. I am annoying wonder if I should make a return.
shirt fit perfect but the cutout in pants are to high and they do not come up all the way in the backside
This is just okay.  It's not really special in anyway.  I love Danskin Bike Shorts and thought I'd give this a try too- not as impressive as the shorts!
It fits small the Fasteners broke one of them was smashed in already when I received it
It is a lovely mala, but was very very tiny for my avarage-sized male wrists. I was able to give it to a friend, so no loss, really.
Ordered a medium and had to give to my daughter who wears a small. Ended up ordering  a large in different color.
The watch us afirsbjecsbd arrived in a timely manner. It would have been better if the battery worked though.
It's really cute, love seeing my little one run around in it. But after its first wash, the seam on one of the "cuff" areas has split apart. Other than that, seems pretty well made, so maybe it's just a fluke.
There is a flaw on the back of the sweater, I took a picture of the "hole/run" in it. It would get a 5 if it hadn't been flawed.
Can't get one to fit right size wise. Either too big or too small.
nice but they were broken when I got them
I'm a medium this is tight. I should have gotten a lare
Materials all seem solid and it looks as it does in the picture, but the dimensions listed here are WAY OFF. I ordered this so that I would have something large enough to hold my phone, and was disappointed when it arrived. The actual dimensions are more like 6.5 inches x 4.5 inches. I like it enough to keep it, but the fact that it was an inch and a half narrower than advertised was a disappointment. I don't know who could possibly have measured this thing at 8 inches.
I order a size 5 for my daughter, and it's huge on her... Very disappointed because I order them for our family vacation. Can return them, and by the time the sandals fit her will be winter time. The sandals are pretty, I just wish the seller added to the description the sizing problem.
I was really excited about these - but TOO SMALL in the toe box area and I DON"T wear wides or anything like that  - I was hoping to find an alternative to my Solomons  - but oh well.
It's cute but it doesn't really look like the picture. I thought the shirt would be more of a stretchy material and the color of the shirt more of bluish green color. And the picture of them dancing looks like it will fade fast. But overall I would still wear it. If I would have the chance to buy it again I wouldn't. I would've bought something else for that price
Very cute style, but the toe is placed too far back therefore leaving too much space on the front of the sandal and the heel hangs over the back.  I have another style tory burch in a 7.5 and they fit perfect.  Too bad because I really like the look!
The color wasn't there as depicted but it's ok.
Its a nice dress, but i was not expecting it to be that long , comes almost to my ankles , guess im short .
I like it except its too small and made for a more shorter person, will be giving it away as theres no decent way i can wear this.
The fit is small. Probably wouldn't buy again
Nice shirt but not the usual Alpinestars high quality.
Nice but small purchased it for my high school aged child it more for elementary or middle school
Even though I ordered a full size larger than my normal size. They still fit tightly. I thought they would give some, because of the material. But, they didn't give much. The length was fine at the full size larger. And if your feet are very narrow, and you have little to no arch. They would be fine. I have medium width with high arch.
Love these sandals, but it's been just a little over a year since I bought them, and the cork has split has split. Not pleased.
The top part was of a different fabric than the one showed in the picture, the one in the picture is smoother and much better looking, Other than that the outfit was good.
Yah....so if you order the XXL, it will fit you if you are about a size 6.
Came before expected. the color of the heart shows it should be like an orchid color, but is just that generic purple you can find anywhere else
The straps by the ankle are too high, and it is uncomfortable. I wish those could be adjusted like the others.
Ran A little bit small, but nothing too crazy.
They are very pretty but they are too small they still fit but they leave red marks on my feet!
IT IS PRETTY BUT IN MY OPINION ITS TOO SMALL AND THIN.
My granddaughter loved this.
It's a pretty good hoodie. The only things I don't like is the material it's made of, but it's not that big of a deal. And the insignia on the back part of the hoodie is not as shown in the pictures. It doesn't cover the entire back area, it's about half the size of what's in the picture, and the hood covers it halfway.
The floral applique is pretty, but the thong presses a bit hard on your skin.
Very long. It's been in my closet for a while now and I have never worn it.
