Fit as expected....Antique Wash has a great look and feel.  These are tough Jeans.  As with any good Jeans, a wash and dry will cause some shrinkage...but will stretch to fit again,  (or you can wash in cold and air dry.)
Everything was very good thank you.
excellent sandals, cannot go wrong with those, keep buying new one every year, just love it
these chuck taylors are classics and probably the most comfortable pair of shoes i have ever owned..they are an awesome red color and look great with a pair of skinny jeans..overall amazing product
I'm not a fan of boots that go up to the calf, so I bought this item (first in Espresso; then later in Black) in order to pair with my booties (Martinez Valero Felicia) so that I could wear my skirts in winter without freezing.  I'm pleased with the fit and the price, and I received this item in less than a week, although I chose FREE shipping.
"I like this particular Timex watch because it has no calendar... just an easy to read dial, backed up with an ""Indiglo"" night light.

Calendars, found on 99% of low-priced watches, it seems, are just something to fiddle with when the month has fewer than 31 days.  With this model Timex, I only have to change the time for daylight savings.  I can handle that.

The watch has a silver expansion band and white dial.  Looks good, fits well and, by the way, keeps time well."
Perfect for my 92 year old father in law! Very lightweight yet sturdy! Allows for swelling in his feet
Well made and good value for a young rider.
My husband really likes these boots.
True to size and soooo stinkin cute!!
"The Milano traditional ""firm"" footbed sandal is VERY supportive and comfortable after you dial in the correct fit and after your foot adjusts to the uniquely shaped Birkenstock foot bed.

 I wear a size 10 1/2 D dress shoe which equals a size 43 regular width Milano.  However, the size 43 regular width was a tad long and a bit too wide.  I went down a size to a 42 regular width which fits me with thick socks but they are slightly wide for bare feet. I have ordered a second pair in a 42 narrow because the narrow should provide a more secure fit with bare feet.

A pair that fits tightly on ""Day One"" will fit comfortably after a few weeks of wear when the cork footbed has compressed a little and the straps have stretched a bit.  MOST women and many men will need the narrow width to get a snug fit with bare feet.  There are detailed fitting instructions on the Birkenstock USA web site.

The Birkenstock regular cork footbed has a very high arch support and your feet will need a few weeks to adjust.  Wear your Milanos just two or three hours a day with all three straps adjusted a bit loosely and in a couple weeks your feet will welcome the extra arch support.  The Milanos are very comfortable for long walks when worn with hiking socks.

The Milanos are a good value because they are designed to last for many years. Coat them  with cork sealer every two months.  Don't get them wet or store them in high heat, such as in a parked car. When the outer sole wears out, you can have new ones put on."
I wear Dickies to work daily but only have khaki and black colors. The grey is great and I get a lot of compliments on them.  I wear Dickies everywhere, even to church. They take a crease very well and look new forever. Great price also.
Nice look great
They work great, no negative comments.
I have been wearing Keds Slip Ons for years, and have recently found that Amazon has the very best price.  I ordered the size 8N this time and they fit as I had expected, which is just a little snug in the width, but perfect in the heel.  The size 8M is a little sloppy, especially in the heal.  If the size 8N gives a little with wear, it will be perfect.
Chuck are Chucks, and these fight great.  Size is spot on and they are comfortable and Chucks can be.
Love my Tevas!!
Much better fit from 12.5 size.  My child loves them.
great sneakers
great fit goes well with the shirt tie set
Exelent
Awesome
As galoshes, they perform as expected - they keep dress shoes dry. I would not recommend them for sneakers/tennis shoes. The rubber is stretchable and they're relatively easy to put on and take off. I used them in Chicago where I had to attend a funeral in the winter. They kept my dress shoes clean and dry.
I live in midwest and needed warm up pants for outer layer in cool/cold months.  These are my favorites to layer with leggings.  Keeps me warm on coldest of days walking the dogs.
Perfect for everyday, dressy enough for going out.
"Fits true to size, very wearable comfortable work shoe highly recommend
Takes a good shine looks great after a good military spit shine"
Bought these to replace a pair that I destroyed. I can't speak about other reefs, but the smoothy is an awesome sandle. The foam forms to your foot after a while giving you a personal fit and the straps are super soft and comfy straight out of the box. I highly recommend the smoothy.
I owned the same clutch for years and was very happy to find another one.  For some reason was unable to find Buxton locally and was so happy to find it on Amazon at a great price.
This shirt is so great! Light weight and very comfortable!
"Love these tees, I have all the colors..
Wear a beaded neckless up touching the collar, and you have a wonderful shirt.
Or with a Vest..
Wear with leggings, etc.."
I love this watch. I purchased it as a gift for my father after his watch broke. He has a Breitling, which was an award of some sort, but he hates wearing it because it's too busy and hard to read. This watch is the hands down winner when it comes to a face which is easy to see, and the Indiglo light is wonderful. It's lightweight, and it doesn't have an absurdly large face like many of the new watches. I love it so much that I came back to Amazon to get one for myself, as I am now in need of a simple watch. I haven't worn a watch in more than 20 years, but this is what I'm getting. Under $30, reliable and it has precisely the features required for a watch to serve as a watch. The truth is that I'm yearning for an Apple Watch, but this is what I'm going to get because it's superior as a wrist worn timepiece and that's what I need more than anything else. Timex is perfect.
It is perfect , but the only problem is it looks big but overall perfect boots..... Warm inside...love it 
My son loves his Darth Vader costume!  The eyes are made from a thick plastic like material which makes it hard to look out of, but he doesn't seem to mind.
This is my second Wrangler Denim Jacket. The other is the same except the lighter color. Wear it motorcycling.
Nice heavy duty jacket, thick denim.  Fits well.
these relaxed jeans feel good,look good,and fit good.excellent value.shipped quickly.recommend for the mature man.
This product is excellent for my iPad.  Put my camera in one pocket and my charger and cords in the other.

great bra!
I think my feet have shrunk size in graduated high school in 1989 or I was wearing a half size bigger back then to make my small feet look bigger- you know, to impress the ladies! Anyway the shoes haven't changed at all, zero arch support, thin soles and classic style. These are the original "barefoot" shoes! Those toe-shoe monstrosities can suck it.
great fit nice material
I get compliments on this all the time.  I don't often choose to wear jewelry, but I find that I like to wear it often for both casual and dressy occasions.
My husband loves his Birkenstocks and if I let him he will wear them EVERYWHERE.  They actually look okay on him and are well made and the color is very neutral so it goes with almost anything.
Nice shoes for casual wear. Comfortable. I sprayed them with scotch guard and they are staying white, dirt comes right off.
Great shoe
My husband surprised me with this beautiful watch yesterday for Christmas.  It is more elegant than anything I have ever owned and I find it absolutely beautiful.  Thank you baby!!
Love it
these have been my favorite shoes ever. have owned several pair. at first i didn't think theyd last because the canvas, but i still have pairs from last year i wear everyday. they go with everything. i have worn a pair to prom, to graduation, to a job interview. they let people know, hey i have fun, but i can be professional if u want me to.and they look good brand new and worn out. and good for playing drums in. case has been made!!!
Fits me perfectly. Bought several of these as I can no longer get this at the Levi website
He loves this watch.  He's 21 years old with Down Syndrome.  He needed a watch and this was the perfect one.  Believe it or not!  Seriously!  This watch went through the washing machine and dryer and didn't skip a beat, or a second.....came out as if nothing had happened.  I was shocked!  That old saying.....takes a licking and keeps on ticking.....is true!  Who knew?!
They make me feel so tall I love them a bit narrow in the toe but it does effect me when I'm wearing them
i LOVE THIS SHIRT!
"This is a good looking watch with a nicely finished band.  It's called an 'Easy Reader' which it certainly is, even at night thanks to the Indiglo feature which is really cool and works a lot better than I expected.  Accuracy is very acceptable and better than watches I paid twice as much for.  One report indicated that the date cycles up to 39 but mine goes to 31 and returns to 1.

There are some cautions.  I have fairly small wrists and the band fits just slightly tight. If you have larger wrists it's going to be too tight and there's no way to fix that short of having a jeweler add links. That's iffy since the band is a Chinese copy of a Speidel, not something a jeweler would likely stock extra links for.  The manual exaggerates the distance needed to pull the stem to set the date and the stop is not easy to detect.  It's probably less than 1/32 inch pull to the first stop and there's little tactile feel, at least on the watch I have.

Bottom line and cautions aside, it's a handsome watch, very accurate and easy to read.  I'm more than pleased!"
"Best flip flops I have ever owned and they are still breaking in!  The first time I put these on I was impressed.  Now that they are breaking in they are getting even more comfortable.

They seem durable and I expect to get years of satisfaction from them."
"I purchased these shoes for a friend of mine. For the most part these shoes are true to size. However, they fit a bit snug on the back of the ankle, it kind of digs in. I presume that this will relax some as they continue to break in.
These shoes look great with dark wash jeans to dress up a casual look, as well as with dress pants in a professional atmosphere. They liven up the outfit without being so overpowered that you have to dull down the rest of it. Definitely an adaptable style that can be worn in many situations.
The colour in these shoes is quite rich. They have a bit of a luster but it is of an ideal variety, not so much that they look cheap."
Exactly what I expected from a Bates!
I am a nurse who did not have another watch other than one that looks like it functions well for my job.  (Not so pretty.)  This one is beautiful and matches most everything.  It has an enormous bracelet so can fit even those quite obese.  I had to take out almost all the links and prefer to wear it loose more like a bracelet.  Very feminine.
Love it
My best , fit , comfortable shoe is cole haan #" 5B exactly this she is my best shoe and I have all color  the same model . Now I will more than happy to have red one in leader or side  with good sale price soon?!
Lots of compartments.  Cross body strap keeps the d**m thing from constantly falling off my shoulder.  I love it.
It fits!  Usually I have trouble with the watch straps on Timex watches being too small but this one is perfectly sized...and it keeps time!  Can't ask for more from a watch!
These great for leg training sessions. You can be one of those dbags and not tie the laces or you can loosely tie them to avoid tripping AND still look cool. But I didn't get them to look cool (even though they do that job very well), I got them to stand evenly on the floor while squatting or deadlifting. They can be a bit awkward for standing calf raises, but I am being picky here. Overall, great training and everyday shoes.
Beautiful  A gift for my mother, your delivery is outstanding ..........
Good quality shoes, nice oldies flair!
was really warm all day long in the deer stand
Excellent boot. Light weight, flexible, good ankle support. Feels more like a comfortable sneaker with all the sturdy protection of a boot.
Jacket is nice and warm. Great fit.
These gloves were a great compliment with my dress on my night out enjoying Las Vegas! Very elegant! They fit great!
Perfect, my son is 30 years old. Best Christmas gift for him. He is an active guy and this shirt is great looking on him and easy care as well as comfort
This is the second pair I've purchased for my spouse. I recommend you apply SnoSeal before wearing. This will darken the leather a bit but will help protect them against salt and water (if you're unfortunate enough to live in such a climate). He likes that he can wear them all day comfortably and they look great with a variety of pants and jeans.
"I ordered the Acadia after having owned and wore a pair of Danner APB's for approx 4 years. The APB's  are the foreign equivalent of the Acadia in many ways. I had been extremely  happy with them and knew I wanted to go the same route.
That being said, I did not want to spend the money on the Acadia. It seemed too expensive. I am a paramedic and wanted something versatile, but made for my profession. So initially, I ordered the Danner Striker II to save money, and figured the zipper would make life easier. I ordered then the same size as my APB's which are an 8 EE. When they arrived, they just weren't the quality I was looking for. They were too large/long/wide compared to my other boots. Plus, most reviews on the boot and zipper system were negative. So, I returned them, which was easy with Amazon.
I had learned my lesson, so I ordered the Acadia. I ordered the same size as the APB's. Quality was spot on. Fit was howver, too large. My foot slid around in them and I had about a good inch of room left. So, once again, I sent them back to Amazon using the free return.
Made a other oder for 7.5 EE which were also too big. Returned for a 7EE.
Last night, the 7EE Acadia's arrived. I brotlught them with me to work today and laced em up. They truly fit let a glove. The airthotic inserts are great as well. Quality is top notch and I know these will last me as my other boots did.
If you work in EMS, law enforcement, or the like, I wouldn't think twice about these."
nice shoes and cute very good deal, original product love it so much
I bought two of these for my nephews and filled them with soap, deodorant, razors, etc... For college. They loved them.
Very comfortable
It took me a while to figure out, but these socks are awesome.  I walk 10 hours a day and with these never get blisters while any other socks I do.  If you walk alot these are definitely worth the money your feet will thank you
Needs to be a little bigger
Good quality. Fit is good. Very similar to ones that they use to make in the '80s except they are not as thick.
great watch
These held up to me very well.  I wore them 3 or 4 times before I ripped them.  I 'm kind of rough with hosiery.
I have been wearing these for about a month and they are fitting pretty good.  Vented on the sides so the feet get a little air. I would recommend these shoes.
These socks are fine.
Eco drive watch is very nice. I'm giving it as a wedding gift.
"This is a great watch. I've had it for several years and it
s never lost a second! It looks neat and the functions are remarkable for a watch this inexpensive!"
I love them and will buy them in black next time. They do give you the support and comfort you need for tired legs.
Great
Exactly what I was looking for. Thanks!
Hubby has big feet and got sick of wearing socks that shrank so much that I could wear them.  Very good quality and comfortable.
Prominent well done logo. Good material.
super light work boot very nice and durable! exactly what I wanted I have been trying to find a work boot that I can where all the time and these are perfect!
"These shoes are both attractive and comfortable. They are easy to slip in and out of which is important.
Any shoe that you can wear all day right out of the box is a winner for me. They also give a little height which makes your legs look better. So I have them in black as well."
They are easy to hammer in and are fully functional. Plus, they look good. For dress pants, you probably want buttons.
I have been using this product for many years. Obviously, I like the look and feel of the leggs because I keep buying them. I am a petite woman and the leggs fit perfectly without sagging.
I will buy it again
I usually wear a 10 Wide, but the 10.5 does great. Also, the color is still amazing. I don't know what "real" converse are supposed to be, but these definitely do the job.
My second pair. Perfect for gardening. Very comfortable and easy to hose off.
I love them.
Good fit,well made.
I have been wearing this style for years. Comfortable and supports even during heavy activity
Its small light and so useful for my daily life. I love the kickback look. Works great
This shoe lives up to my long experience with Rockport:  comfortable; good support; good styling.  I am very happy with this shoe.
Great shoes! I will buy more.
Bought for my daughter for her birthday, she loves them.  They came quickly and are perfect. It made shopping easy.
THESE ARE MOON BOOTS- ENOUGH SAID.. PERFECT AND MANY COLORS TO CHOOSE FROM- VERY COOL!
I figured they would run slightly small because they are leather but they fit my daughter perfectly.
perfect addition to the fire engine.
"Great tights; these were exactly what I was looking for to go along with a costume dress and knee-high boots. I was wanting something shiny, and firm, also just thick enough to be good quality and not run, but not as thick as fleece tights that are too hot. I also wanting something flexible, and comfortable enough to wear all day, and breathable. I could not find anything like these in my local stores, and although I was afraid to try these, I am extremely glad I did, they are perfect! The sizing is spot-on, just make sure to follow the sizing chart! Of course, I would gently hand-wash these only, but I already think I will be able to get plenty of wear from these. I love them already! Also, the price is actually excellent. I compared these to ones that aren't even as pretty locally, and these are a perfect bargain, for what you get. Would totally buy again when this pair wears out!
If you found my review at all helpful, it'd be wicked cool if you'd tap the ""yes"" button below. Thanks!"
Fit as described and expected.  I was concerned about buying without trying, but the color and fit are as described and look great.
"I consider these classical Timberlands: these will be great for hiking and walkng in bad weather. No leather boots are really 100% waterproof, so if you are looking for one, get rubber boots instead (cheaper and you can walk in puddles). These, however, hold up to wet snow pretty well (subject to how often you oil them: I use mink oil and all-weather conditioning spray for leather if I need it quick). These are reasonably light and very comfortable. Although they feel true to size at first, I recommend you go 1/2 size up, especially if you plan on wearing it on thick socks. The are not insulated or fleece-lined but are pretty warm (in combination with thick socks) and have thick sole which insures natural insulation from the ground below. Easy to get on and off, thanks to the lace hooks and high rise design.
Bought mine for around $65 and it felt like I stole them!!!"
The size small, for my 6 year old nephews for snug. He's pretty skinny and short. He loved it!
looks Great!!!!!
After foot surgery in 2008 i needed a slipper that I could wear around te house and out on the patio. I found Tamarac Slippers to be very comfortable and rugged. My last pair lasted four years with daily wearing. I was happy to find them through Amazon as the store I used to go to is no longer around. I look forward to several years with this pair.
They are my favorite slippers.  Light, nice fit with a little padding without being to thick.
Exactly as described.  Love it!
Good shoes.  My nephew loves them.
I had these before for a few years and they are great. So went with the same model!
"I HAVE OWNED A COUPLE OF THESE AND WEAR THEM AT WORK.
THEY HOLD UP WELL AND DON'T SHRINK IN THE WASHER.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS, AS I OWN AND USE IT DAILY."
Very nice!
"Reef is hands down the best sandal.  They fit perfectly and are the most durable sandal I have found.
Ben"
Due to an injury I suffered several months ago, I cannot tolerate any pressure on the underside of my arch on my right foot.  Once I got out of casts and braces and back into real shoes, I realized that all my lovely expensive shoes (Clarks, Adidas, Birkenstock...) had very high, very structured arch supports.  It was agony!  That's when I ordered these deerskin moccasins hoping to find something I could wear to drive the kids to school, grocery shopping & doctor's visits.  These were perfect!  Soft as butter, no pressure on the underside of my arch, soles tough enough for daily use.  I feel almost like a normal mom again.  But if you are new to moccasins be prepared that they all need a breaking in period at first.  They are supposed to feel a bit tight around the opening at first.  The soft leather will stretch over the first few wearings until you have a custom fit.  Then they are the most comfortable shoes in the world.
I had another pair of these exact same shoes that lasted me well over a year working on my feet for over 40 hours a day AND wearing these shoes on my days off and as my regular go to shoes. I put a ton of miles on these shoes and I was very impressed with how they held up, hence buying the exact same pair. I have somewhat wide feet, and these shoes fit perfectly, so someone with narrow feet might not like them.
These do the job in snow
One of the best watches. It is well design , it is easy to operate and maintains. It is one of a nice gift.
This is my second Wrangler Jacket.  Loved the first one and wants another different color.  This one fits as well as the first one!!
Great value for the pants.
"I used to wear these when I was a teenager doing landscaping.
I now work in the construction industry and after trying several brands of steel toes I finally went back to the timberland pro series and I won't switch back.  These are by far the most comfortable boot for me.  Also they last a really long time and always keep my feet dry."
i would not buy any other brand or style of sports bra. i have worn these bras for years and would not change.
My jeans fit great! Like the fact I can get 28' inseams.
I really like these shirts. Bought multiple colors of this same shirt. Great for the gym, hanging out or just laying around the house.
i love birkenstocks...i wear them all the time.
Color is bright.. super cute.  My daughter loves them.
Perfection.
Perfect fit. Nice weight. Durable. Get it.
Love this shoes! Classic, never disappoints!
I have other Thorlo socks. Comfortable and very durable. Worth every penny of the higher cost.
"Looks likes  very expensive and  solid brands, very  nice and elegant  watch.
The price is good.
I was looking a month for  such combination of a blue dial  and  gold numbers on it , but  SEIKO probably  decided to  stop
such models and only  this model comes this way.
The only  con is just  a  heavy body of watch , cause I compare it  with the titanium light weight model,I had before,  but I can stand with it , from other point it's even more solid  watch with such massive weight.
Delivered as promised."
I buy these slippers every year for my dad. He loves them and they are a great quality.
"Great fit, not too thin or thick. They look great, and perform well for cotton.

Will buy lot's more of these."
The sizing was correct, I ordered 11M. Boot narrows at the toes so is a bit snug. I think the leather will soften and fit nicely with breaking in. Nice looking. Update: I've been wearing them a couple days and they are fitting better. So, I would say sizing is correct.
very good size
I LOVE this wallet.  I can ALWAYS get it closed, LOL!  It's a little more magenta than the red my husband was expecting but it's beauty and function won me over, I didn't want to exchange it.
I LOVE THESE BRIEFS! I DON'T GET ELASTIC RASH ANYMORE AT THE LEG OPENINGS LIKE I DID WITH OTHER BRIEFS. THEY ARE SOFT COTTON, AND ARE COMFORTABLE. THEY WASH UP NICELY( I HANG TO DRY), AND DIDN'T SHRINK. MAYBE NOT SEXY LIKE SOME OTHER BRIEFS, BUT YOU CAN'T HAVE EVERYTHING! JUST WHAT I NEEDED. AMAZON HAS A GOOD PRICE FOR THREE.
Very nice durable shirt! I like that it has black buttons, I think any other colored buttons look funny! Very happy with purchase!
I liked them so well I bought another pair in black
Very nice pants. I have have ordered a bit larger size than I need (XL) but I haven't washed them yet. I'm 5 ' 8" and they are a tiny bit long. (OK with me, but if you're fussy.....
I have several pairs of Acorn slippers & they are all great. But they get too hot ( for me ) sometimes. I found these  thongs ... flip-flop style... & they are wonderful. I have peripheral neuropathy & sometimes just walking is painful. With the memory foam, there is a lot of cushion between my feet & the floor. These also slip on easily for when you need to get up in the night. The price is also about $10.00 less than found elsewhere.
didnt have the double bottom my classic sea bag had. but still quite tough,  currently holding 40 and 77 lbs of rubber mulch for sandbag wrkouts.
My wife loves that
He loves his Tims. they're sturdy and attractive, a very good value for the money. I will purchase others as he grows.
Good price
I actually used these to make wool balls for the dryer.  Wool Balls are a natural way to dry clothes with out the dryer sheets that have chemicals.
Good quality and texture.
Love them.
Incredibly well made!!! One to keep or pass on when he's done! True to size. Looked great during Halloween :) THANKS!
I love this hoodie.  It fits as expected.  Very warm without being bulky.
A good product and beatiful boots but it was too large... maybe must show a table of sizes shoes.
I don't think it's as thin as people have stated, and a L has been a good fit on me. I'm 6'0 185lbs and jog in these almost every day. So far no rips or holes or anything of the sort -- plus they keep me warm! I like the bands on the bottom so they're not loose around my ankles. I'm bummed these don't have pockets but I can't dock them a star because I knew what I was getting into.
I recently ordered the watch and received it in record time. I own 6 dive watches but this is the flagship! The case that it comes in is classy and the watch is BIG and beautiful. It is extremely luminescent at night and a great dive watch. You could actually wear it as a dress watch too. I would highly recommend the watch to any diver or watch lover.
A little large but they are thick, wide around the calves so lots of room for my toddler to move around and very soft and cushy on the inside
Been wearing sperrys for a long time. This pair is just as good as the others. This is the classic color and style of boat shoe. I believe they get better with age to an extent. Once the leather gets wet for the first time they really come to life. They perfectly form to my foot and are the perfect casual dress shoes. if they get nicked or scuffed, who cares? It just adds character. I really hope these have fell out of style with frat boys because i was catching flack for a while. Jeans or slacks, polo or jacket, sperrys all the way.
Great bra, great price and delivered quickly.  I could not have purchased them any less expensive in my area.
"Perfect for me. I can't have anything touching my big toe at night without discomfort. These give a bit of warmth and are extremely comfortable.
Great foam in sole. Love them!"
Fit is right on. Length flatters the big guy. The demin has laundered well with no shrinkage and no wrinkles.
Love Birks and glad they are finally udating their styles.
Great watch. Perfect fit for my 14 year old.
5 stars all the way. Perfect.
This is the second pair of these slippers I have purchased for my SIL.  He puts them on as soon as he gets home from work and wears them all evening or on days off.  I never see him at home without them.  He loves them so much we are getting him a second pair.
I bought this for my wife for Christmas last year for an everyday casual watch.  The band is holding up nicely, it still looks like new.  She said it keeps really good time, and normally doesn't need to be reset except when changing to & from daylight saving time.  It is within a minute over several months.  For the price it's hard to beat.
Exactly as advertised.  Like walking on carpet.
Great shoe for a standing all day job!
Not the prettiest bras, but the absolute best for us heavy chested girls!  This bra is built for support, and it's comfortable to wear.
These are very comfy, much better than Hanes brand. I have very wide feet (13-6E) and the 12-16 are perfect! Reasonably priced too!
Great price, Just what she wanted
Christmas present for my daughter and she loves them.
Great shirt!  Does not shrink.  Nice material.
I just purchased the Skagen Men's 105LTX Titanium Grey Dial Watch and was very surprized at how weightless it is. It's very attractive looking and so far keeps good time. I'm very happy with my purchase.
Love the way it shines stuff. I highly recommend the product. Amazing at the tarnish it takes off. It's worth the $
I really like the Riggs Workwear jeans I have. Interestingly, when I ordered a 2nd pair I received a similar style pair of jeans from Carhartt. I'm ok with both, but I'm also certain that the Carhartt's were also a returned item since there were no tags. I suppose I'll just make sure and wash first.
These are great compression socks and fit great.  They do everything I wanted. Better than my previous brand.
Really nice watch. Big and great quality
Son really liked fit and finish of these pants.  Should last plenty of work hours.
Fantastic, these are the best shoes ever! What an overall for and comfort! Not for running but definitely for serious walking!
I got these for my 6'7 boyfriend who has a hard time finding jeans and these fit him perfectly couldn't be happier
Used these for long hours of fishing. Saved my head from being sun burnt!
Great insulated blue jeans. Warm and soft. Not bulky.
These pants are very durable and the khaki color doesn't show wear as much as some other colors I've tried.
A little long on the bottoms, but I am very short.  Keeps me warm in very cold weather.  I would buy them again.
Had pair in brown for years, was time to replace and went right back to these  . . .
I am playing tennis in the  white leather Reebok classic!  Gee I love them.  I have been wearing this style for decades, and I have a blue gray nylon pair, I play tennis in white leather or the white nylon with the tan suede trim. Reebok has a site where you can design your own - at least I did that for a pair a year of so ago. I am kinda old so I wear custom inserts.  To give you an idea of how great I consider these shoe, how about this:  Last year I wore other shoes about 2 days out of 365!!!
Fits well, looks slick. Can't complain at all.  Now I need to buy a new color that won't get as dirty as the white kind.
They are a little tighter in the legs than I expected, but not full out skinny jeans or anything. They are a really light weight denim which I like, very comfortable! I like the color, I like the style, and I LOVE that they are plenty long enough!!! I wanna get some more, for the price you can't beat them!
despite the price, these are one of the best things ive ever bought. super comfy and durable. and sexy .
Very nice!
Great leather shoe and great price
Love these shoes! They are so comfortable and easy to slip into. They look good with a casual outfit, and I've even worn them out too.
Dress it up or dress it down it is a simple affordable and durable shoe. Just right for the any type pants and just enough shine to dress it up. I have the black and the brown and I am happy with both colors.
Awesome
The Thinsulate material provides excellent protection from the cold. Pants slightly bulky, but worth the trade-off for the warmth. Would recommend for anyone working in the cold.
Fits great, good quality. One of my favorite shirts
Well it would be nice to find these in odd sizes, but I can just hem the cuffs
Fit perfectly.
This is a no show sock, made well feels soft to the touch. What more can I say, its a freakin sock!
Great Shoes - Arrived Quickly, Just got them and expect them to hold up well
Very nice,fast shipping
Simply amazing. I got this wand for Christmas along with Harry's wand and I have to say that I am in love with both of them. It's great to have something from your favorite movies right in your room. Hermoine's wand is so beautiful with the vines wrapping up and around it and it held everyone attention when I pulled it out of the box. I can't wait to get more wands. Thank you Noble Collection.
"Right when you get the watch, it looks absolutely gorgeous. In this case, the pictures you see do NOT mislead.

Except on one part, the size is actually a bit smaller than I expected. The strap length is also not the largest. My wrists are average and I am already at the 3'rd to last notch.

I would recommend this to everyone except those with huge wrists, you might have trouble putting this on."
Chucks always run a bit large, so I always order a 1/2 size down. So, if these were my first pair (Jeff Bezos probably wasn't even out of high school yet then...), I'd say they run "somewhat large" instead of "fit as expected".  :)
I have had a few pairs of sandals that wear all slick rubber or foam type but they all make my feet sweat and I'm slipping all over trying to walk in them making me not really like wearing sandals.  Living in a tropic area now I needed to start liking sandals and find a pair that work for me.  If its suede/fabric or whatever it is it's perfect.  No slip, great fit, comfy, and the toe strap don't hurt.  I wear them all time and they feel great and sturdy.  I read another review that said they walked in water and they fell apart so I stayed away from water but life has a lot of watery moments and I had no choice but to walk in some water and they are fine.  I feel like these will last a long time and they are perfect.  Sizing for sandals is different than shoes so do keep that in mind when ordering sandals online.  I fitted them at the store and bought off amazon to save some money so it was perfect all around.
Love love love these and am ordering a second pair in sand, and will wait for a sale to order a back-up pair in black. I am 5"3, 150# 57 yo. I want stylish shoes, but I need comfort. These absolutely fulfill my needs - they are not high fashion but with the perforated suede they have a retro-cool quality. Great with capris, skirts  and summer dresses - they dress-up summer casual. Pedicures: On me only three toes show. All day wear: I haven't tried wearing them around the city just walking but I suspect they will be fine. Just don't try to run for a bus. Fit: The suede upper does stretch with wear, but the velcro closure can be tightened. My feet are average width but I don't like my toes to be crowded and my little toes tend to get rubbed in other shoes. Comfort: These neither compress nor rub anywhere. The one place I have a bit of trouble is where my ankle bone touches the top of the closure. The Velcro can feel hard and rubs but I adjust the closure and it's fine again. Heel: The wedge measure 2.5" (not 3" as others report), front platform is just under 1" - the balance is good, I do feel I am elevated but never in a way that impacts feeling steady on my feet.
As usual sketchers are all class and comfort plus I am more than happy thanks Amazon
"I had to buy men's shoes because Mephisto does not have a female version. At a price of almost $200.00 this is frustrating!
I need the support this shoe offers so I just wear the ""ugly man shoe""!"
Excellent service and the product is also good.
Breaking them in took a week of wearing, but now they feel great.  The sole has been lasting a long time.  Quality.
2 pieces on the sole of my running shoes had come off, but as running shoes are expensive, I wasn't in the position to buy new ones. Since I still had the pieces, I bought this to reattach them, and it worked beautifully! Definitely let the shoe sit for the recommended amount of time. I also suggest checking periodically - at first the pieces didn't adhere fully because they were on a curve in the shoe, but periodically I would press the piece up back to the sole, and eventually it stuck for good. I have never used Shoe Glue before, but my bf has and says this stuff is better!
"I'm not sure what a couple of other reviewers are talking about as far as durability is concerned but these moccasins are nothing if not durable.  I've purchased 4 pairs over the past 15, or so, years.  I live in the woods of N. California and wear them throughout most days that I'm not cutting wood, hiking, etc..  They're so very comfortable, reasonably priced, and attractive as far as moccasins go.
  I would wear them constantly if I could get away with it-don't really mesh with evening wear!  My only complaint, and this holds true for any suede or pseudo suede product is that they do get dirty yet, unless seriously stained, you can clean them up fairly well."
Stunning.  Looks absolutely fabulous.
I love this necklace, I wasn't sure what to expect for the price, I usually end up with jewelry that becomes unwearable pretty quick because I don't like to spend too much on necklaces, especially chains, having a 2 year old since a lot of times they get ripped off by mistake. This is very beautiful and looks like it could sell for double its price and still be worth it to me. I love it.
"K
Order filled just right..delivery ahead of time.!!"
My wife gave it to me as Xmas gift.  I like it very much.  It feels very solid and elegant.  It does not matter if you are wearing a suit or sport clothes, it always shines !!
classic jeans
I wear these shoes to work, to school, to run errands, and even for semi-casual and business casual occasions.  I love them, they keep my feet happy, and they go with everything! Well worth the money.
This is a great, super heavy weight jacket.  It fit my son perfectly, and wasn't too short as some cheaper ones are.  Much nicer and thicker than the ones at retail stores.
Fit perfectly. In fact, I'd say these are the best fitting pants I've ever bought.
Product as described.
It fit just right I wear them almost everyday and they stand up to some punishment, from sliding across the dirt and cement to sand blasting they are great pants.
Exactly what I wanted, shipped fast, great service! Thanks!
Got a pair of new jeans to ride my bike. Fit nice and are super comfortable when in the saddle. Thicker than my last pair of "other" jeans and seem to look nicer as well.  Overall I'm satisfied and when the time comes I will be ordering another pair.
Surprisingly good quality for being relatively inexpensive. Looks great and it's comfortable. Great buy.
Great price and comes with all of the accessories. I love that the top and bottom are one piece, if it is a little big, no worries! My son loved it and kept it for play. He is 7 and 50th percentile for height and weight, it was a perfect fit.
I have tried many types and brands of ballet flats, and these are the best by far!  I bought a size 8 wide because I wanted to be comfortable all day.  I actually cared less about how they looked than how they fit, but I got many compliments on them from the first day.  They are kind of pricey at $100.00; however the fact that they are so well made, cute, and comfortable make them an excellent purchase.
"These could literally be a life-saver in extremely icy and unlevel conditions. I used them in VT over Christmas and for the benefit my wife and I received, I would have gladly paid more for them.

Be sure to get the right size. I bought mediums for my wife's small foot and they stretched some, to the point I had to buy them again in small."
This item has features I need, that are hard to find. I purchased it several years ago, and I still had the item number so I searched for it on Amazon and found it.
This pair is actually for a friend, but I've worn mine 330/365 days of the year for the past five years and they are AMAZING. The first month is rather rough since it takes a while to break in, but the moment you finally sink in, you're never going back.
These are by far my favorite flip flops. I still remember the first time I tres a pair on 12 years ago. I haven't bought a different brand since then.
I really like the hooks, and it is much improve over my previous plastic hooks on my prior suspenders
The Buxton Heiress Ensemble Clutch is great. There is plenty of pockets for credit cards and zipped spaces to keep all of the essentials that ladies keep. I would recommend this Clutch to anyone.
IT was a birthday gift.  Tall  sizes  hard to find.  Fits great  and a Great Price,  His favorite coat. Thanks
This is the second pair for my son. It is a great all around shoe, with a great look! These are also now featured in J. Crew!
It was made well and fit my 4 yr old grandson perfectly. He loved it!! He loves to get dressed up in costumes.
Exactly what I needed and fits exactly as it should! Came on time and very little fuss!
Exactly the hat he wanted.  Perfect gift.  Also, ordering through Amazon is so easy and my item was received before the estimated date,
These are the best shoe I have ever worn. About 6 years ago I broke my left ankle and leg so badly that the doctor wasn't sure I would ever walk again. This past spring I broke my metatarsals in my right foot (another very bad break) - what can I say??? I recently purchased this shoe as it would fit my foot taking into consideration it would not press on my metatarsals (top of foot). This shoe is a godsend! After all I have been through I do not walk with a limp with these shoes. They are well contructed, beautiful and so VERY COMFORTABLE. I just ordered three more pairs! Get them, you will not be sorry. True to size. JUST LOVE THEM!!!
If you purchase, get half size bigger.ex;you wear an 11 get an 11.5.
Needed something that would allow me to go casual to rugged wear. These boots both fit the need and fit my feet well. Very comfortable and I can wear them all day long without feeling any tenseness in my feet. Wish I could wear them all the time, so I guess I'm going to have to buy another color to alternate.
This Is for a lady at my work and is the only kind she wears its been the same for 20 yrs.
Bought these boots for my wedding. My bridesmaid decided to get matching boots with mine. They are very "wedding" styled with the cream/white strip at the top. They fit well and were comfortable. The bottom of the boot was not as well textured as I would have liked, which made for a very "slippery" feeling. I was careful walking in them, and I didn't have a lot of hard surfaces to try to manage. That is the only complaint I had. Otherwise, they were perfect!
Picked these up as part of a 10th Doctor cosplay. Classic Chucks nothing to complain about. Comfortable and fit as expected. Haven't had hi-tops converse before, been very happy with these. I expect them to last a while.
EXCELENT, RECOMMENDED
I gave this boot to my son for Christmas and he loved them!  He's a welder and wanted something light weight and this did the trick!
"These are the most amazing shoes I have ever had. They are so comfortable and stylish that I can't believe I've lived so long without them. I ordered them in Linen/oat and they match wonderfully with my shorts and jeans.

  Now, the only issue I had was that I ordered these a 1/2 size smaller based on some of the other reviews I read. I normally wear a size 7 but opted instead to order a 6.5 (M). These were uncomfortably tight so I had to exchange them for my size. I haven't had them long enough to say whether or not my size 7 have stretched and become loose or not (as the other users were suggesting).

Another issue stated in the comments was that the linen/oat color is not the same as the picture. This is not true!  My shoes look exactly like the picture given. I'm guessing those users may have ordered the wrong color when meaning to order the linen/oat? I don't know. But do not stray from buying these because people are saying the color is wrong. The description and picture could not be more accurate.

 I know the price tag is heavy, but these shoes ARE WORTH IT. They are of excellent quality, incredibly comfortable, and so stylish that you'll never wear any other pair of shoe again."
Love these shoes...with the slight wedge heel my feet never ache!
I love these earrings!  They are very distinctive, and hang well, and they are not difficult to put on.  Personally, I think they are a bit overpriced for gold filled, but I like the design so much that I did not mind.
They slip off easily and they have a reinforced heel. I also like the tongue that covers the laces and the good traction.
I've been wearing these for years.  The material sometimes changes a bit but they still fit well.
True navy color, fit is great. You can't beat Carhartt for durability.
Great item
"GREAT SHOES,  EVER GREEN !
ALESSIO"
"Great shoes, I have been wearing this shoe for the last 20+ years.  Good style, good support and quality.
Jim H"
excellent control top stockings with perfect color.
My daughter loves them. Super cute, comfortable and durable. Also easy to clean when sand gets in. Would buy again
Good quality dance shoe.
These fit my husband great. He's a 32/34 and although he says they're a 'little tight' in the waist/crotch, they fit the way pre-washed styles should. Not baggy or skin tight. I'll be buying him another pair soon.
Great fit!
Either color of this Rockport Northfield Oxford shoe is a good fit. Classy-casual shoe. I liked so much I ordered two of black, one brown, and 4 pairs of the expresso color.
My 16 year old son is hard to please to say the least. I knew I needed to buy boots for him and was not to happy about it because he is so picky. When I found these, I thought they would be great and the price was really good. He liked the picture so he asked me to go ahead and order them. When he came home he opened the box and smiled (this is a moody teenager we're talking about). He wore them the same day even though it was 60 degrees outside! So pleased with this purchase!
Same good old reliable Casio watch
Very easy to use as a regular watch or stop watch.  Easy to set and read with the "night glo" feature.
I am 6' 3" and weigh 195 this shirt is an XL. The shirt fits great and looks good. I really like the blue color of the garment, a very nice shade.  Couldn't be more pleased with this purchase.
This item is very comfortable, warm inside and out. Easy to wash. Doesn't lose body or softness. Great buy. It was much needed for my chilly early morning risings.
True to size and all day comfort!!
Fits true to size! These are my husbands favorite work pants!
Size small is perfect for women's feet size 6 and smaller. If you are 6 1/2 you will want to order the next size up. These are great for indoor use but will not withstand outdoor use as this is not their purpose. These are house slippers.
"I ordered this to be worn under my wedding dress which I also ordered on Amazon.  The back falls just below the usual bra line which is perfect for my dress, but may be too high for some low back dresses.  I had read prior reviews which suggested the cups were a bit small.  I usually wear a D cup but will sometime shave a bit of a line or bulge so I ordered DD which was perfect once I had ""fluffed.""  It extends to the waist and will give a great line under any sheer dress.

I did need help with the closures as they are very close together to ensure a flat line. It would be difficult to spin it around once on due to the boning.  It will definitely stay in place once on and has enough support for dancing the night away comfortably."
I bought this Military Airforce Style Flightsuit Coverall for my son so he could wear it to one of his DJ shows. He first said a medium would be perfect, but i said that a large would be good because adjustments could be made. If you are going to buy this product, buy a size that is one larger that the perfect fit that you think is, because this suit fit my son just perfectly (No adjustments made). Thanks!
Exactly what I wanted. It looks good and it feels good.
A friend asked me to purchase this shoes for his Mom, who is a nurse.  She loves the shoe because she can wear it with any of her scrubs uniforms.
I loved
"This by far my favorite night gown EVER!!! The fit is ultra flattering, it is light weight without compromising by being too sheer, my husband thought it was dress! The straps are easy to adjust and yet don't slip either while wearing nor in the washer. I recently lost 22 lbs and worried it might not be as flattering but it is!!
I so highly recommend this product!!!"
Really happy with the quick delivery and the quality of the shoes. Thank you!
I love these shoes! This is my second pair. It's a perfect shoe for the orthotics I have to wear which are ordinarily very difficult to wear with sandals. They fit perfectly in this shoe and do not have the tendency to push out the back of the shoe as I walk. The selection of colors is awesome and the price is amazing!!!
They are very comfortable
very comfortable
my wifes Christmas present and she loves it
Nice watch, just what mom wanted and the back light is awesome.
Very nice
Have had this beautiful necklace for about a year and half.  Everytime I have worn it I receive numerous compliments, including my mom the other day.  Guess what she's getting for Christmas? lol  Also the chain is nice because it is adjustable and can be worn at different lengths.  Highly recommend.
Seem nice. Attractive. I hope they last. I'll let you know
These shoes are the most comfortable work shoes, I have them in brown and black to matcha all my pants.  They are true to size, just get them out of the box, put them on and you're ready to go!  No "break in" period necessary.
This watch is very low profile, keeps good time, and looks great. I had to bend the catch on the band a bit to make it snap tight and not release. Overall a great watch.
Very comfortable running shoes. Great price I'm very pleased.
These boots are great I used to get sore ankles and feet while walking up and down hills hunting wearing 'work' style boots but wearing these boots made a huge difference. The boots are very light and comfortable. I also stood in a river for about 10 minutes and didn't get a drop of water in the boot. These boots are great value and I would highly recommend them.
Fit great, they feel comfortable even for polyester. Good work pants, stain resistant. Gave five stars because of the great price, fit, comfort, durability.
Great
Gorgeous dress. A little too long for my taste ( I am 5"8) and it hits right above the knee. Will be wearing this for my daughters first birthday. Absolutely stunning colors.
It fits perfect my brother is a size large and he said it fits like a glove he doesnt have any complains about it he would totally recommend it to people
They are great !!!!
Amazing
It's a gift for Christmas for my daughter.
Great shoe and great price. Real leather. Love them!
Super cute. Great quality. Got as a gift for my pre-schooler and she absolutely adores it.
So gald to be able to get these Lace Top Thigh Highs.  So comfortable.
"Love these boots fit great! Great price shipping was excellent. I see that a lot of people are saying that they are fake but if you do your homework you know there not...

COUNTERFEIT UPDATES
Some Fall 2014 merchandise has been produced without the holographic sun logo on the sewn-in label. Please scan the QR code to guarantee authenticity.

Mine also did not come with the new holographic sun lable, I downloaded a QR scanner from Google play scanned the code and in seconds took me to the Ugg website which indeed confirmed they were real uggs!"
They are well made, look nice and fit well.  They are very warm to wear.  Very pleased, would buy them again.
Great service. I received the mocs very quickly. I have always liked this brand of mocs but wish they were a little cheaper. They don't have any real competition.
I have always purchased Dansko clogs and work as a nurse, I have a high arch and these shoes are magic. I love them so much I typically wear another pair in my off time. I have worn Sanita brand and i find they may look alike but do not hold up as well as Dansko. Always order a size up or they will be to tight. I am a 9.5M or 10M depending the shoe but I always order a 41 in Dansko for the right fit. With Dansko you should be able to stick one finger in at the heel and have a small gap at the top band of the shoe...they should Not feel snug, if you are looking for a snug fit these are not the right shoes for you. Hope this helps.
These are the most comfortable sandals! No pinching toes or sharp edges! Very soft!  Love the color choices!
fit great, best work pants ever
These versatile shoes help feet cope with urban cityscapes and trails pounded dry and hard as asphalt. They look great at work and play, and provide more arch support than other Keen models. You may need to insert a better insole, but that is de rigeur these days. As usual, Backcountry did a super job with fast and accurate order fulfillment.
Been wearing these for years!
I love Capezio products! This shoe is well made and holding up great under constant wear.  The shoe size was right on the money.
Great pants
good quality hat...was pleased with the hat
love it
Great shoe
Easy on, easy off.  Lightweight for everyday use.  Plus I love the "nightlite" so I can tell the time in the middle of the night.
"I ordered these thigh high stockings to wear during the
hot, summer weather. Instead of wearing pantyhose, I wear thigh
highs, which are cooler. Wearing stockings with a skirt
or dress looks much more feminine than just having
bare legs and heels. The stockings are well made,comforable
to wear and a good price especially since the color is hard to find."
Very good, satisfactory! I will buy again.
These are comfy, cute, and I like the fact they are suede. Sketchers are always good in my books.
Have been wearing moccasins around the house for many, many years. Always order the same ones when they wear out.
I had bought work boots in the 50 to 70 dollar range for years, finally got tired of poor waterproofing and separating rubber or threading, so decided to spend some serious money. I picked these because of good reviews. They are light, easy to put on and off, especially with the side zippers, so far have left my feet dry in different conditions. Right now I give a 5 after using them for a week. I might update this in a few months of use.
I have had this watch for two weeks now and love it.  It has a good weight and looks beautiful with the blue face and the three internal dials as well.  You can use the second hand as a timer or let it sit still on your watch and use the tiny second hand dial on the lower of the three.  The watch is smooth and does not snag my arm hair or my clothes.
Great Sneaker!
Great product for the price. Impressed the grandkids on Halloween :)
Very comfortable Too
Better than expected! These shoes are comfy and cute!
Great color and fit.
Nice Dress Watch for a good decent budget friendly price. Friends also liked this Dress watch. They were surprised to know that this is Timex.
I love my chain!! It is a replacement of one that my mom got me over 10 years ago that finally broke. I am more happy with this chain than the last. I love that I bought it and the amazingly fast shipping was a plus. Thank you for helping replace a sentimental piece of jewelry.
My 3rd pair! Love them. Classic shoe!
These are my everyday yard shoes, shopping, etc. shoes. I always find a good product in any Merrell shoe and this is another great shoe.
Nice boots.  I do use an insert as I do with all my footwear.  These seem like the will be very durable.  They provide good traction.
Got it to store my sleeping bag in
My husband loves the overalls
Fit great
Very stretch and durable
Love these Keds. Am looking forward to getting another pair later. I want one with a higher sole. I'll keep looking. Hope they will make one soon.
I wear a 13 and my feet are swimming in these, as for quality... they are as expected.
Bought for a friend who only wears Keds!  She loves the fit and will buy more.
Great boots. Exact fit from the sizing chart. Hopefully they'll last me at least two years
Great product!!!
These are really nice cargo pants well made and tough.
Wears and washes extremely well. No shrinkage and the bibs fit my husband perfectly.
My husband is very hard on his jeans and these are holding up very nicely.* MAKE SURE YOU WASH THEM BY THEMSELVES *  They bleed a lot!  for all the other reviews saying these are to stiff...then don't order Work jeans. They are not to stiff they can not stand by themselves lol the material is a work type jean so its a little thicker and stronger then normal jeans. All that said they are great jeans for work.
These undershirts are great my husband is very tall (6'5") and we have a hard time finding undershirts that are both small enough & long enough to fit him. I will definitely buy them again.
Very nice looking shirt, and fits perfect. I highly recommend it to friends and family members.
I am very happy with these they made a great Birthday present for my son he says they are awesome
order 1 size big
wonderful sunglasses
The shoes were delivered in a timely manner and were exactly as advertised.
Just as described
love it
I was pleasantly surprised that this belt stretched as much as it does.  I love it.  I bought the one in black as well.
Great watch
love these jeans.  most comfortable jeans i have ever had.  going to order more.
The fit is perfect, 10 short, (not petite but short.there is a difference ) easy to get on the materials lovely. She is very happy with them
Nice wallet.  A bit stiff initially, but loosening up after a few months.  I really like the color and plenty of room for cards.
I love these!  They look like an ankle boot from the back, and a sandal from the front.  Just wear them around the house a few times first to break them in.  The part that goes over the top of the foot can start to rub after a while.  I will be wearing stocking feet with them, which will help, but still need breaking in.
I love this shoe and have worn them for years.
I would definitely buy this product again and again, and Amazon is a wonderful place to purchase any type of product.  Great customer service, fast shipping, excellent prices.  The product was perfect.  Thanks.
Awesome
It's hard to find a good shade of smokey grey and these are perfect. Good for work or meeting for drinks. Soft and don't slide down as you wear it through-out the day.
Great sneakers as always with Converse!  Wonderful 'hot pink" color!
"First...
All the people saying these sunglasses are small, or they are kids...apparently don't understand why these are engineered in the first place. They are designed to fit around the eye efficiently deflecting wind while riding motorcycles.

Secondly,
These glasses are the bomb!"
Very comfortable. Was a little worried about the size but they fit perfect. It also helps that I can loosen them up when my feet get a little swollen from my pregnancy.
I work in a fast paced hospital environment-12 hr. shifts. so I need scrubs that can stand up to the challenge. I ordered these scrubs after getting a disappointing pair from another seller on Amazon. I ordered small and med. (the others were enormous mediums.) But these scrubs were true to their size. The mediums fit perfectly. (I am a size 8/10) The smalls fit too- just a little tighter than I liked. The quality of these scrubs was way beyond expected. and the price- not too shabby either. I would definitely recommend these scrubs for anyone in healthcare.
Great pants for work or for everyday wear.
I have had these shoes for four (4) years thus far, and they have been through thick and thin. I used them for soccer, lifting, and casual wear. They are extremely comfortable, especially after you break them in. The only reason I am buying another pair now is because my white sambas are really dirty (no holes or tears) and my girlfriend is making me get new ones. These have lasted longer than every pair of running shoes I have gotten. Get them!
"Look and feel great!  These are very comfortable shoes.
I wanted a lighter color for summer and they are perfect."
Nice
Very good
These are great shoes. They fit perfectly.
"Nice shoe...
I have not worn them as yet for I think they are a b it too large and a 7 1/2 might be better size for me.
Have not had a chance yet to check if a 7 1/2 is available for exchange."
"Excellent shipping and pants
Were exactly what I was looking for."
"I wore this under my wedding dress. I am usually a D. I went to a bridal store that only had a C and it was too tight. Ordered the D on Amazon and it fit perfectly. This was the only long bustier I could find that was totally invisible. My dress was bias-cut silk and chiffon with an illusion neckline so I didn't want bra straps showing through or any lace flowers and all that unnecessary stuff causing bumps. Strapless bras did not offer enough support but this long bustier was just the support I needed and totally unnoticeable. It also gave me better posture but was not too uncomfortable.

It is difficult, near impossible to hook the back all the way by yourself but with a friend to help it just takes a minute. I did once put it on myself but it involved craning my neck in the mirror and I didn't get every hook."
They fit perfectly!
Fits perfect going to order some more..
Walk, walk, walk - about the only exercise I can do with a slipped disc and no access to swimming pool(s). I was looking for a shoe to provide enough cushion but wanted stability too. These are a moderate entry in the walking shoe market that will meet my needs for the next six to nine months (pros recommend rotating shoes out periodically).
Love Birkenstock shoes. These are replacements for same shoe that I had for a couple of years.
LOVE THEM!  They fit well and they're very comfortable.  I usually wear a 12 and these 12s are spot-on.  Wish they were a tad wider (I usually wear a wide), but they'll do as is.  I will put a lot of miles on these.  I just learned about Keens this year.  The two pair I've purchased are fantastic!
I am short and have a hard time finding any pants with a 28 inch inseam. One of the few brands that did. Yea.
My hubby loves this hat so much that this is his second one.
Wow!  Exceeded my expectations for both overall quality and fit.  Thanks.
Love
I am loving these boots the are so comfortable

Great, durable opaque tights! I'm 5'2" and 125lbs and the size 2 fit me perfectly without squeezing me like a sausage. I've worn them a few dozen times now and have no tears or stretched out fabric yet. I love Hue tights, they're the best. They last.
Love the elegant and comfortable support.  I have been wearing this one style for years!
This is my third Greek Hat and as you can guess, I like them.  I keep leaving them places and people pick them up and do not return them to the rightful owner.  These hats are well made, warm and I have been told (by my wife) that they make me look, well.handsome and debonaire.  In view of this, why would I not like them.  I would recommend these hats and if I lose this one I will purchase another.
This is one excellent shoe.  I have been running into the issue of purchasing size 10 shoes that fit, but my actual shoe size by foot measurement is 9.5, and this Merrell is just right at that size.  I bought these to wear about the house and in the yard, but I found myself on a mile hike, on a rocky dirt trail with them, and they were great.  Wish I'd found these a bit earlier in life!  Highly recommended!
My fault not yours,  I  guess I need to lose a few pounds.  44B would have been perfect. Love ie anyways.
VERY NICE!
I bought these shoes for my 3 month old! They are perfect! Love them! Fit is excellent!
Cute small watch
Have these in different colors and really like them
Comfortable, well fitting, durable!  This is the second pair that I've bought.  I'm still wearing the first pair (brown) that I bought a couple of years ago, and decided I needed a pair in black too!
Very nice!!
Love the. Super comfortable great for hiking.
Very well made shoe. Classy and sober, incredible pair for my son's prom. Great purchase! Fits true to size
I've had this robe for several months now, and I love it. It *did* leak little down feathers for a good long while, but that seems to have stopped. I haven't put it through the wash (I dry clean it), so I can't attest to shrinkage problems. But it's comfy and warm. On colder evenings, I even sleep in it! It's not the sexiest piece of clothing you'll ever own (you're basically wearing a blanket), but it does it's job.
Looks alot better in person my son loves it.
Husband loves it!
This is the third Bostonian my husband is wearing. Will continue to buy this shoe. He wears them everyday to work and i never heard him complain.
"Didn't realize how much my hip pocket wallet was throwing my spine off while sitting.  Not having that old bulgy hip wallet has been tremendous.

The front pocket wallet does force me to not keep every receipt and other junk (no room), but I find it is big enough for credit cards, club cards, identification, and cash (okay, I don't actually carry that much cash -- when I do, my daughter mugs me.)  After 40+ years of using hip wallets, I'll never go back."
Love how they feel and wear. I would buy them again.
Arrived when expected.  Very comfortable from the first time I put them on. I have always liked the Sanuk products I have purchased.
Have had shoes for a little over a week. Even though the time I have had them is short, I will share my experience.  I suffer from damaged disks in my lower back and a problem with my hip. I work on concrete and do a lot of walking at my job. I have purchased a lot of different shoes looking for something that would releave the constant pain I'm in. I was amazed with this shoe. The first day of wearing them to work the pain was little to none. So far this is the best and most comfortable shoe I have tried. Had never heard of the Propet brand. Propet will be the brand I go to for future purchases.
These shoes are comfortable from day 1. No need to break them in.
I absolutely love these shoes, style confort and fit.  The delivery was prompt and I am so pleased.  I recommend these KSwis 7.0 shoes for anyone who walks!
This is my husbands second pair, he finds them comfortable .
Nice cedar smell.
Good
Comfortable. They run big. I'm usually an 12 and even a 11 in these sandals is still be slightly big, but there's no 10.5.
just a regular black T. really soft
For an old horse person (or slightly old hippie)  this T-shirt is perfect.  With horses on a shirt, there is no wrong slogan or picture. Horses rule.
Received shoes quickly and they where what we expected. Daughter loves them!
Great shoes !!!
Perfect fit and the normal great quality of Dickies.
Excellent quality sure to keep the feet warm in those cold harsh northern winters.  Rugged and sure footed boot, you can't go wrong with this product.
job done.  wanted this t-shirt and this is what i got.  got here on time and in one piece.  writing all these words cause i have to.
This costume is so real that my five year old thinks he could fool the real firemen.  He is proud to wear it.  I love the heavy canvas fabric and the reflective lines, he loves the real buckles and the suspenders.
Great quality and so useful. Like the color- low keyed and not too noticeable. You can get a TON of stuff in here if you need to. I like it for bike rides and it works so well. Would buy again as the workmanship is very nice.
"Rocky is the best boot out there, I am a plumber on my feet 12+ hours a day, these kick ass!
Best boot made!!!!!!!"
My son loves these slippers. He wears them all the time. He said he will never wear cheap slippers again.
Great fit for my son who likes the fabric and fit of the shirt.  I love saving on camo clothing and we spend the savings on ammo and the actual hunting (gas, food, etc.).
Love this style
I use it every day.  It has all the features I was looking for, at a reasonable price.  It replaces something similar from Timex.
held up for my line of work
The product arrived earlier than expected. There were no issues with packing and the product was in great condition upon inspection.  The shoes fit my son with a little room to grow, but I ordered it a little big. The shoes are of quality material and have sufficient support and padding in the insoles. My son has got them dirty a few times and clean up was easier than expected.
Nice fit, well made
This was perfect to go under our son's swimming trunks.  They are breathable and bendable and yet catch anything that needs to be caught.  They do not dry extremely well, so I did have to change him after getting him wet, but that wasn't a problem as we were done at the ocean.
husband loves it
We love the look. The shape. The entire shoe
k
This bag holds ALOT of stuff!
This boot gives a very slender look. Fits very well, it has a classy look yet practical to wear. I wear it to work. Happy with my purchase.
Watch looks better than picture and is solidly built. Great watch for weekends and it keeps perfect time. Normally not a Timex fan but you should get this watch before they quit making it.
Very comfortable tennis shoes.  Soft insert and breathable outer materials.  Traction is good as well.  Walked about 5 hours at the Sr. PGA Tournament yesterday and my feet were happy afterward.  Overall, very good.
Perfect fit high quality great price five stars!! I definitely will be buying several additional pair for the entire family.
Sweet shoe
These moccasins have become my favorite shoes; as soon as I get home I throw them on. I was a little wary about what size to purchase at first but after speaking to a friend who used to sell shoes I purchased a half size down which worked perfectly. The shoes have begun to stretch to fit my feet nicely. A couple things I noticed was how quickly the soft sole gets dirty and that once the laces come untied the first time it's hard to get them to stay tied. Even after seeing those two things these shoes are still the comfiest things I own and I have accidentally fallen asleep wearing a couple times since I forget to kick them off.
So I've been eyeing these boots in the stores for months! What's been holding me back is that they're $300 and I just couldn't pull the trigger. I just so happened to come across some boots that look really similar, but this price is less than half. And the style number isn't listed on Amazon, but I buy them anyways since its the same brand and I know what size I need. Well they came in last week, fit me perfectly AND they're the SAME boots I would've paid $300 for! I couldn't be happier. Try em on in store. Buy them on Amazon...
Love it!
just right.
Quality watch, great price!
Got these for My Husband from Santa! He better love them!
My feet love these shoes. Highly recommended!!
The jeans were a little bit tight when I first tried them on. However I wore them all day long and made sure that every time that I had to bend over or reach for something down low that I squatted to give the jeans a bit of a work out and now they fit perfectly. If I am making this sound like I had to put the jeans through the mill then I am sorry as they were only a little tight. I just love these relaxed fit jeans from Wrangler and I always have. They are very comfortable and always look good.
I have been purchasing these particular Rockport shoes for several years and find them durable and good looking for a 2 year wear period. I don't have think or try to find other shoes that meet my criteria. They fit , are comfortable and are a consistant quality.
Fits perfect. The reviews about sizing up are correct. I little girl wears a size 9 so I got her a size 11. They are lovely.
I love that I can order the Playtex bras from Amazon knowing the fit will be perfect every time! I have never been disappointed with these bras! The fit , quality and price are unbelievable! (I have a not so common bra size and have gone for "Bra fittings" where I paid outrageous prices for bras that made me miserable to wear and stretched out of shape after a few washing's.) This bra has great support and shaping- and with NO underwires! Talk about 18 hour comfort! I no longer have to unfasten my bra on the way home from work or take it off as soon as I'm home! I've recommended these to the women in my family, and they love them too!
I've ordered two pairs for my son and he loves them never had a problem great shipping time great product
They were brown, they were Skechers, and they fit. Plus, no scratches. All positives.
The moccasins are exactly what I wanted. They are beautiful. Thank you.
These socks have a great feel, and the material is thick.  I believe these are a good value for the price.
Although it is large for my baby right now I do foresee using it when she is three months old. Very good quality.
Feels great on the feet.  Comfy !
This is a great watch; hardy and handsome.  I am glad to have it.  And the price was right.  Thank you.
This is the second pair of Merrell Jungle Moc I own. The first one bought in 2006 is still in use but after all these miles in town and nature the sole is becoming thin now and I absolutely wanted the same shoes again. Slipping in is so easy and they fit perfectly, even when it is hot or when I do long walks over several hours. They are tough and cleaning them is so easy. I never want to miss them
Great for work.
This is my second pair. The first pair lasted me years. While they are new I'm very satisfied with this purchase!!
I needed to replace a chain that broke on my girlfriend's necklace. This was perfect! It is a nice sterling silver chain! Safe to say that she was very pleased!
The Italian Sterling Silver necklace was more than I thought it would be.  I wear it with my white gold pendants & you can't tell the difference.  It has a lot of brillance & shine.  I would recommend this necklace to anyone that doesn't want to pay the high price of a 24" gold necklace, you won't be disappointed.
Fits good.  Really like the color.  Looks good with my black or navy scrub pants.  Fabric is easy care and doesn't need ironing.
Bought this as a Christmas present for my husband and he was delighted with it. It arrived promptly and was good quality.
Fits perfect. I am an 11 and purchased a11.
Handy and good quality !!!
Great shirt!
Fits real good and is very comfortable.
Comfy, and exactly as advertised. I have a wide foot and ordered the wide width. Would order again.
It was as I expected. Nice ring with a nice level of details. It is worthy the price I paid.
These are my favorite shoes.. Wore them NEW on vacation to Europe and didn't have any blister issues, and we walked at least 7 miles a day.
Very good quality. Nice color
The fabric is quite stretchy and very soft.  I was a bit confused on the sizing that was offered, as you displayed a size 8 and a size XL.  It turned out that they were one and the same.  It wasn't that one was intended to be larger than the other as the garment is marked both Size 8 and Size XL!  It would be nice if you offered us sizes, too.
I have had this watch in the past. The indiglo finally stopped working after 8 years of use. I bought this heather purple color and absolutely love it! Photo is a great representation of color. Great all around every day watch. Good job Timex.
Luv it! A basic watch that is simple and easy to read.  Fairly tough and I don't worry about ruining a $300 watch.
Love this watch as a replacement for my Casio waterproof watch. Stop watch, alarm, and timer included make it easier for me to do my job! The band looks black but is more of a soft dark grey, so it looks great too.
Awesome lightweight bag I use for the gym and carry on for travel, wish it had some inside pockets and a longer shoulder strap but I'm not too picky on that. Great look.
good sneakers
"I bought this boot for my son.  Comfortable and flexible right out of the box..
...I've had a 6"" and 8"" of the same boot.  I've used the same 8"" boot for over 10 years and the soul and upper are still in good shape. Only the comfort band at the top has lost the skin inside.  This is the only boot I buy."
Great shoe tree, smells good, fits well. Does its job well.
I like the jeans need to return as they are too big
The other review here says that this is not good for larger chests, but I am a 36 D, which is not the biggest in the world but still pretty big, and it fits me really well.  And surprisingly I feel very secure.
"I love these shoes! I worried about the sizing for awhile before purchasing these. I consistently wear a 6.5 and can often go either way between a 6 or 7 when half sizes aren't available. I debated between getting a 6.5 and 7 and am definitely happy I ended up going with the 6.5. They were a bit tight when I first got them but now they are easy to slip on and off and fit perfectly.

I bought these primarily to use when walking during my commute and for light hiking.  So far I have worn them for both of these things and additionally I have worn them on a bike ride and have done some slow jogging in them.  No blisters or any kind of rubbing or discomfort in any way. I definitely recommend these shoes, they have surpassed my expectation!"
Great fit
Fast and good.
"couldnt ask for a better t shirt really, nice tight knit, tagless neck, the tag at the waste is easily removed to prevent it from constantly trying to stick out.
and the price was cheaper then less well made shirts, so its 5 stars all the way."
Like it!
Love them
Muy cmodos, excelente presentacin, son un guante para los pies, se ajustan perfectamente a las tallas publicadas, los materiales estn de acuerdo con lo descrito en lapublicidad
For the price, this is a good T-shirt. As with most T-shirts of this quality, they will shrink slightly after washing, and the necks will eventually get more stretched.  However, for the price, it's still a good deal. I purchased some of these last year at $5 each with free shipping.
Can always count on amazon to have this product and Bali for making it.
"My 7th or 8th order.
Good fit and material"
I love this necklace. I was actually surprised with how nice it was on. I wish the stones were more visible but other than that im happy
I purchased these shoes for my husband who is skeptical of internet shopping for shoes.  He loves them and loves the free return feature.
"THESE PANTS ARE MAGIC. I wear them over my normal pants when I volunteer at a doggy day care on my lunch breaks. Yesterday, a dog barfed all over my leg. I quickly pulled the pants off, fearing the worst. To my surprise, nothing had soaked through, or even into the sweatpants. It all washed right off in the sink (I washed them thoroughly when I got home). MAGIC.

Fit-wise, they are normal baggy sweatpants. I am a size 6 in pants, and I got the size small. They are average sweatpants baggy. As mentioned before they fit right over my normal jeans.

Highly recommended. Much soft. Very durability."
These are a very light and comfortable pair of sunglasses. You don't even notice you are wearing them after a while so can easily be warn all day. This pair have that quality feel to them as well being made in Italy and not China.
I started using AO sunglasses when I was a pilot in the Air Force. I have not stopped using them ever since. The frame is gold plated metal with glass lenses. I have bought several pairs from Amazon at different times and every time the standard of service has been excellent.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/10701-Genuine-Air-Force-Pilots-Sunglasses-AO-Gold-52MM/dp/B001GXZXSE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">10701 Genuine Air Force Pilots Sunglasses AO (Gold,52MM)</a>
3rd pair and will keep buying them. My all day shoe.
I bought these knowing the break in period. I was given a pair of these about 8 years ago. At first was turned off to how stiff they were, but then they started to break in, and became the most comfortable and durable sandals I have ever owned. The lasted 6 years, though I could have probably given them up around 5. This is my second pair.
Very happy with my purchase
Pretty colors
Great, comfortable shoes.
Have this same watch for years - love it.
The big pocket on my right holds my Note II Galaxy perfectly.  These shorts are light weight but tough with lots of pockets and beefy belt loops.  Perfect for the working guy or the hiking guy like me.
Should order a size bigger than what you are. This shirt is the best i wear it to football practice in 100 degree weather and it has kept.me cool and dry almost like a nike dri fit tech shirt. Has also kept.me warm the cold. Its like a hybrid dri fit shirt that in any condition is a must have. Does shrink a little after washed but thats expected from most dri fit shirts.
"I ended up gaining a lot of stress weight just before my wedding, and needed to cinch in so i could lace my dress closed.
It is comfortable, and stays in place. Also very breathable.
I wore it the whole day.
I've worn it since when i needed a bit of extra help getting into dress pants.
Been through about 7 washes, and just got a small tear on the inside.
Also take note that the garter clips are removable.
Goes clear up to almost my bra in the front.
Was well worth the money."
Perfect size for timing sets at the gym
They are exactly what my son wanted.
Bought these for my husband for Fathers Day.  He works in construction focusing on concrete and gets pretty dirty.  He loves the boots and they fit great.  We will see how they hold up and I'll post another review.  Package was in good condition and boots looked well made.  No strings or frayed ends.  Let's see how well and long they last.
I was pleased with the size and length they were right on. Good deal in my opinion. Will buy more as necessary
I have worn these socks for more than a decade and love them.  I can recommend these to you as really nice non cotton walking socks
LOOK AND FEEL GREAT , I AM IN THEM 12 HOURS A DAY AND FROM DAY ONE NO PROBLEMS . THE SIZING WAS PERFECT FOR ME .
Basic, casual, yet sneakily handsome. Works well and a great value.
I was very please my new shoes, they fit perfect and very comfortable to wear.  I have a wide feet due to swelling and they still feel excellent and don't hurt at all.  So happy
Love this bra!
great
fine thank you.
These are nice thick socks. I got the larger size, though I wear 11.5 shoes. I am glad I did they fit perfect and go to just below the knee, which is what I wanted.
Very good
love these shoes! i have a pair in brown and i switch them often to wear during the day as I am on my feet all day.
I would definitely recommend these pants.  They fit well and the color is great.  We buy Dickies pant a lot for their durability.
"GREAT SHOES!
FAST SHIPPING !"
Great fit. My first time buying clothing online. I'm impressed.
Have worn these for years and recently have been unable to find them.  I always order a half size smaller....71/2 instead of 8..
Nice piece of jewelry
The shoe trees smell great and do their job as expected. Great product. Buying these from now on instead of paying two to three times as much for some as I've done in the past.
great buying experience. Great product
I first found this brand at Sears..no longer seem to carry. Minimal shrinkage with first wash, a very comfortable roomy fit. really like that the Henley style is offered (No collar to get in the way).
Very good deal
Fit is very loose. comfortable, sturdy work pants.
Wonderful
Much lighter weight than I was expecting, but performance is awesome! I'm surprised at how effective it is for being so light weight and comfortable.
Everything was as described. Great shirt. I will be getting more...
Great for every day. Better than Chinos , better than Jeans
Excellent price for the shoe!
Nice wroksmanship
Great Value and greet price.
Bought these to replace my worn out ones....love them!
The brown is a little darker then in the picture, but the shoe feels great and looks great. I chose size 11 I take a 10.5. and it worked out well. If you haven't had this type of shoe before and order your size the tip of the shoe will pinch down on your toe.
National has some great buys and the clothes are well made. I bought 7 dresses for less than $100. The sales are great too. Will purchase from National again!
My nephew loves it!
I've been buying these pants for the past several years now and can honestly say they are my regular work pants.  They wear well and fit right.  Excellent product for the money.
pleased
My son loved the costume.  I was unsure of the sizing so went bigger.  So glad I did.  It allowed me to alter for a custom fit.  Very happy with this item!
"So far, great gripping, easy on and off.. with a caveat  I ordered the next size up since I would be putting these over insulated, rubber lower winter insulated boots.  The boots are a 12EE.  I think when ordering, consider the bulk of a boot, versus a shoe, hiking sneaker.  I am also glad I ordered the orange after hiking through some uneven fields, one twisted off in ice and 1/2 foot of snow.  I didn't notice until I got what turned out to be about 100 feet away,.  The next day, the orange was easy to spot!
Another thing is just some care if you put these on inside on a wood/laminate/tile floor...  step flat footed or you could slide out!
I love these as they have made hiking through the woods much safer, over a couple of weeks where snow was followed by rain & rapid freeze a few times.  No slipping.  I am not sure if the spikes would be as good for extreme hiking or steep slopes, but work well in paths and moderate hills"
Have only bought Bates as they have fit perfectly every time. No need to go any where to try them on first. They last me about two years, which exceeds any of my expectations with the amount of time I spend in them, and what I put them through. Great duty boot, great support, and with minimal care will last you years.
I have had these socks for a few years now and I love them. I even bought more because I love the feel of them and how they do not stretch out after a couple of uses.
Love 'em!!!
Ask any enlisted man he will tell you the best product for shine
Dickies are consistent in good quality.
This is a very well made shoe but it does run a little small, But I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a quality moccasin
Excellent product, well worth the price.
Perfect fit!
I really love wearing this pants. It was so nice and so comfy each time I wear it.
Can I tell you how much I love these shoes?! I get a wild hair every once and a while to get other shoes (I work in a hospital and tend to need shoes often) and I'm just disappointed. I love these so much! I love the color choices as well. I have to wear all black at work, so it feels great to add your own flair with shoes. They feel like they have been worn in already (even though they are completely new) and they last me about 6 months or so before I need new. Other brands, Nike, Reebok, etc, I'm lucky if I get them to last 2 months. I have really high arches and wear orthotic inserts in them, but they still break down within the sole, the actual structure of the shoe. Granted, these do that too eventually, but not nearly as fast. And the outside of them remain perfect and still look great throughout the lifespan.
"I'm 6'6, 215, middle aged, looking for comfort and something that wouldn't be baggy sloppy looking and feeling.
My feet are size 15 so I wanted boot cuts to fit over the boats.
These are the ticket.
Black shadows came soft and ready wear cycle like a pair of old friends
I like the longer cut from crotch to waist without the baggy bottom sack feeling in the rear.
I'll be ordering another pair of shadows and denims in this cut.
Now that I've found them I'll stay on the 963 trail.
Great Amazon price!"
Love them!!!
Product fits very well, more then likely will shrink, therefore I purchased a size larger just in case. Over all super nice fits perfect.
"Aussie buyers - if you're like me, you're probably annoyed at how hard it is to find these in Australia, and when you can, surprised at the price.  The pair I had been wearing were a Hush Puppies brand I bought from Lowes in Sydney CBD for about $140.

You're also probably a bit confused about sizing, like me.

I wear a Australian/US size 11.  I've ordered many Nikes and other shoes from Amazon and Eastbay, and a size 11 has always fit PERFECTLY.

Then I read the reviews on here, some say order a full size down, other say order half a size down...

I went with the 10.5M size.  Took a gamble and bought two pairs.

They fit perfectly! I'm very glad I didn't order the 10!

The only other comment is that I think these should have a third hole for laces.  They only have two, fairly low down, so you can't tighten them firmly closer to the ankle.  But doesn't matter, they still fit perfectly, and are not going to fall off or anything!"
I wore these hose many many moons ago.  I have gained some weight but in need of nice hosiery. I was happy to see that Leggs Sheer Energy has not changed at all. They feel like silk on your legs and look very nice and pretty on.  My husband loves them as well.  That is a big bonus!
It's exactly as the listing said it was.  I wear a 50 inch waste pants and this has MORE than enough room.  Good an long too.
I wear a women's size six, but have a difficult time finding a good fit....need a "straight" fit, prefer wide legs, deep pockets, etc. These jeans were perfect, except a 30" or 31" inseam would be better for me, so that I don't have to roll the cuffs up.....
Having owned one of these watches for several years, I find that it provides all the necessary tools for casual everyday living.  The controls are simple, so setting it with the switch from standard to daylight savings time is no problem.  As a runner, I wear it to time my circuits.  It's great as an alarm watch, awaking me every morning.  The display has nice large numbers, a calendar feature, and a manual backlight.  The band will wear out before the battery, so there's no worry of ever changing the battery (10-year life).  My guess is that one of these will last at least three to five years, depending on how hard the wearer is on a band.
LOVE THE SHOE. VERY COMFORTABLE. WILL CONSIDER PURCHASING OTHER SHOES. ANYONE SHOULD CONSIDER BUYINY THE SHOE. WOULD NOT BE SORRY IF THEY BUY THEM.
Love my Saucony tennies.  I have several pairs in lots of fun colors.  You can just put them out right out of the box and off you go.  There is no pain but the wearer has everything to gain.  I can put a brand new pair on, wear them all day, and then put them on again the next day as well.  That is my story and I'm sticking to it as well as my Sauconeys!
Great quality & fast delivery!
Very happy with product and seller!
Love these jeans!
For the price it is a great buy, practical, my paw does not itch with the strapand serves its purpose. Would like it to glow in the dark
Great sneaker.
Great fit. Take one size down from other jean manufacturers.
Very comfortable and nice looking shoes.
great sporty look! I ordered a 7.5, I usually wear an 8
Worth every penny!
Great fit!
I love these rainbows, they're so comfortable I can wear them for miles, and they don't make your feet sweaty. So yeah, they win.
I'm very happy with my boots, and they look exactly as they were depicted in the picture. Extremely happy with my boots and I can't wait to buy another pair.
Great
Very nice shorts; the color is wonderful, and I hope to enjoy wearing them for a long time.
I love the Easy Spirit Traveltime clogs!!  I would love to have one in every color.  They fit great, they're comfortable and last a long time.  I am a nurse and I use them for work.  Love them!!
they are very comfortable and cute although a little expensive. but I think a pair of socks with this quality is worth this price.
The shoes arrived in a reasonable amount of days.  There was nothing wrong with them and they were packaged very well.  The quality of them is great too.
This shirts are great.  They have that little stitch beside the left pocket in which you can place a Pen, which is very useful in my field of work.  First I ordered 2 to try em out.  They I went ahead and bought 10.  I highly recommend this shirts.
I bought this for my boyfriend, who wanted a camo jacket just for fashion. My boyfriend is extremely picky on what he wears and the material of this clothing, and he sings praises about this coat. This is a great alternative to the $80+ from the mal!! When we ordered it we were scared that the quality would be too stiff and not functional at all. We were pleasantly surprised when it came in and it was perfect! The material is a thick canvas and is not scratchy at all - the arms have a cuff so it doesn't bag.
"This works well for certain type of bracelets.  It doesn't work well on other types of bracelets.  There is another type of bracelet helper with a hook that works better for those types of bracelets.

People complain that this made out of plastic.  Well, what to you expect for six bucks?  It is still sturdy, looks OK and works well.

Nice that they found a new use for the roach clip."
Love these socks! I am a little short, so these socks come up to my knees but they feel great, As thick as these are my feet will be warm in the winter(hmmm toasty).
I love these shoes - I'm on my second pair as I wore the first ones out (they lasted several years of spring/summer/fall use).  They have some arch support which is hard for me to find in a basic sandal.  The sole is a stiffer foam and the straps are comfortable cloth.
Very comfortable and look great. Well made shoes.
Very warm.
Soft tight legs and feet. Perfect.
My husband loves these shirts!! He wears them everyday and they last forever.  I order xl for him and he is between an xl and 2xl in other shirts but these fit him perfect.
I bought this duffle to be able to fly with as many clothes as possible and still stay under the fifty pound per bag limit. Stuffed full it was close, and the fact the duffle is quite a bit lighter than my wheeled case allows for more clothes and gear. I've used it on three trips and its held up very well.
the sleeves are long but a smudge since im a big boy, and got all the females
My favorite bras!
Great product at a reasonable price. It was used for costuming Oliver at a local theatre and it worked out perfectly!
Comfortable and fit perfectly
A very good quality
My daughter and I both love these boots!  They're adorable and comfy, too!
"These are great slippers, however, due to the amount of material inside the slipper, I would recommend you go one full size up in size. Meaning, from 10 to 11, not to 10 1/2.

I returned my slippers for the next full size up and they are great."
Finally found a comfortable pantie with the cuffed leg that I like.
Nice boot comfortable and durable and lightweight
"You can't go wrong with Carhartt. Was happy to find these on Amazon. Just don't dry them for too long on too high a temp as they tend to wrinkle.

My hubby loves these shirts, and if he's happy, I'm happier!

Highly recommend."
Doesn't require ironing &  these are so tough, they will survive long after they go out of style (if they ever do)
Glad to find Wrangler jeans in the size needed and style desired.
This is my 3rd pair! Not the most fashionable shoe, but they are so comfortable and practical. I have a pair for gardening, a pair for travel, and a pair for wearing around the house.
Nice costume at a good price.  Good Quality.  My son wears it all the time he in an aspiring Jedi
Luv. Very comfortable.
Saucony's ALWAYS come true to size. And I wear 10.5. It's not an easy size to find.
Very nice cap.
Great on-line  shopping experience; They are a little too 'out-of-style' for the local stores to have them in stock, but probably one of the best designs in a boot ever.
Nice quality jeans, Every bit as good as my old Levis.
Bought these for the hubby. Good looking boot. No complaints. Prompt Delivery great buy.
This is great and will save us alot of money this summer. This is way easier and more comfortable then the disposable
Much higher quality of Carhartt than the ones found at our local feed store. Look for Carhartt made in the U.S. The ones we have that are made in Mexico are not of the same quality.
The shoes fix exactly like I remembered, comfortable and light weight. I will continue ton purchase these as long as possible!
This is an excellent bargain.  These insoles fit and mold to your foot.  I use in every on of  my shoes.
Warm and well made.
My second pair of this brand. Great boot!
My son loved it & was perfect for him on grad day!
Great fit. Great price.
for me this is perfect...speedy delivery...great item...thank you
I LIKE THE VERY MUCH. I WILL RECOMENDED TO ALL MY FREINDS.I WILL BE LOOKING IN THE FUTURE TO BUY AGAIN.
Comfortable and resistant german quality
very comfortable and cloud like, seems like a quality flip flop.
Great item
These pants are a tad bit smaller than I thought but it's all good because in winter you don't want your clothes flapping around anyway.  I wear them all the time while running now.
The shine was awesome!! Fit great!
very large digit
These are cool pants.  Nice for heavier people that don't want to wear pants that look like they were made by Omar the tentmaker.  Need more colors in 40x30 size.
Terrific, comfortable sneakers! Love them!
"I knew that I wanted this model of frames after shopping around at a couple of the more popular brick and mortar retailers. I wear prescription lenses, so when it came time to pull the trigger on the purchase, I was taken aback at the cost for lenses and the frames together. That's when I decided to take a look at ordering the frames on Amazon and getting the lenses fitted independently with my prescription. WHAT A GOOD CHOICE!  These frames are the exact same ones that I had in my hands when I was in the full price retailers. In the end, I saved a huge chunk of change on the frames and an even larger amount on the lenses. Everyone who is freaking out about the origin of the frames should do a bit of research. They're real.

Additionally, as a note about the seller:

I was so pleased with the product AND the buying experience, I ordered another pair of regular eyeglasses. When I got them, they just didn't look right on my face. It wasn't that they were bad, the frames themselves were nice.  I quickly realized that I had transposed the model number when searching for the frames, and accidentally received something I hadn't intended on ordering. MY mistake, was quickly and professionally handled through Amazon and the seller - and I'll have a different pair in another day or so.  So I want to say thank you to the seller (Sunglass Express).  Nicely done, and a positive review deserved."
arrived in a timely manner.  Received as advertized.  completely satisfied.  My husband loved this watch.
the best bra ever and price was the best couldn't find any for any price better more comfort than i could ever ask for!
It will make anyone look like a superhero!
She loved them!  Thank you!
Just what I expected.
Minnetonka Moose== Nothing more comfortable! Fit perfectly and hard for me to wear out
great jean, fit as expected
THESE SOX ARE EXACTLY WHAT I WANT IN SOX.  THEY PROTECT MY FEET, HAVE NO LUMPS AND DO NOT SLIP OFF OR DOWN.
I love these boots
Very comfortable!
I'm buying more of these in different colors fits amazing
The elastic waistline makes for a comfortable fit. Wrinkle free..no worries. Also very durable. Have probably washed over 50 times and still holds up well. My weight has fluctated within 15 lbs but the jeans still comform & look presentable in spite of weight variation.
Love it !!
I have been purchasing these for years. Used to get them in the factory outlet store, then they all closed.  Wear them everyday for my workout.  Have been asked many times where to purchase
Like them
Fits well, holds up well even wearing to work a couple of times per week.
I'm a converse wearing kind of girl, And these are my favorite by far! I have roughly about 10 pairs of converse they are the only shoes I wear. They we're affordable and so comfortable! Great buy!
My husband has been wearing these casual wingtips for years. He wears them to work and around town. He says they are very comfortable and well made. I love them on him... a step above the others. You wouldn't wear your best dress shoes to work but these are a close second.
I bought these because I'm pregnant and not quite ready for maternity pants! Knowing I wanted room to grow, I bought a med which even tho they are a bit big I can tie them and they don't fall down at all. I really recommend these pants, they are so comfortable! I even told some coworkers to buy them!
Love Dickies works pants i always buy a soze larger however.  Im a 36 normally i got a 38 to feel a little more comfortable while working
I love these shoes! They fit snug and super cute and comfy! i am glad they came in the mail so soon!
It's made well and very comfortable.
Comfortable! After reading the reviews, I got a 38c instead of my usual 36 c, and it fits perfect! Looks great, got 2 colors. Great price too
I bought these slippers for myself after borrowing my fiance's Acorns and I love them!  They are so comfortable and they have the hard sole so you can walk outside.  They are very durable.  They do get a bit toasty at times so they are best for the cool seasons.
My son was very happy with the boots and they fit great!! And we got them in time for Christmas. Thank You
This is the second time we have bought these. They are very comfortable and warm. Very well made. You will be happy with your purchase.
I had lookd at several different brands and styles. I decided to try these beciuse they seemed to be the ones that best fit my needs and wants. I cannot have made a better choice. they were AWESOME right out of the box. I have not stopped wearin tem since I got them.
Great work boots.
Very cute and comfortable top
<div id="video-block-R3I4DL5V7OH0RP" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1PY4hr0dcS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91MmRTp4k0S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;These gray boots are a little darker in person but still fit into my shoe collection nicely. Only put on some waterproof nano spray to keep them from getting any darker. What more is there to say, they're Clark's and they've nailed making leather chukkas.
My boyfriend was looking for these everywhere! We finally found them here.  They are exactly what he wanted. The price was a little high. However he wanted the real bad. They came in less a week. They were brand new ofcourse!  he loves them:)
Love these shoes.
Awesome flip flop good for the river and fishing will buy more.
Because the shones are geeat
Quite stylish and very comfortable. Truly live up to the standards of their brand! :-)
The best boots. Great water protection an as we'll handles the snow like it should  thanks again.
Well made, good appearance, and fit well.
Great shoes, quick shipping
The color and fabric of this shirt was right on point. My husband loved it and it fitted to the tee
Grandson loves it!
no problems
Most comfortable slip on sneakers ever!!! I always wore Converses but I tried these last week and they are soooo comfortable I want them in every color! So happy with this purchase.
Awesome!
I bought these Footies just before going on a month trip.  Loved them.  Wear nicely, stay put, and dry quickly when washed.
I love my Ugg boots, this is my 2nd pair
Excellent fit, well made shirt.
great service from vender....excellent quality !!!.....would reorder again if needed....huge choice of colors and patterns.....what else can I say to fill this up?
Perfect
Cheaper than walmart and true to size
These sandals are similar to another Clark's sandal I bought last year that were great comfort/fit/quality.  I expected these would be equal to my previous purchase and I am not disappointed.
Very comfortable
This was purchased for my fiance for Christmas. He was very happy with it. Fits well and is very warm. Worth the money!!
Nice
This is the second clutch I've purchased.  It has everything I need in a billfold, especially the clasp on the back for change.  I'm not crazy about zippers used for change pouches.
Perfect
Normal chucks...awesome as always. I've worn them for the past 2 years. They're looking a little worn now, time to buy another pair. :)
"Its skinny and it looks great , nice quality and for the price you cant beat it. Tight around the waist and ankles but great look
147 lbs and 31x32 fits great"
"It's probably been over 20 years since I've worn a pair of jeans.  They just never seemed to fit me right.  I'm 5'11"" 165lbs, so I have a pretty slim build.  And every jean I tried made me look like I had no ass and that my legs were ""swimming"" in denim.  Granted, most of these were GAP or Eddie Bauer, which are pretty basic and baggy cut.

But then my wife had me try a Levi 511, and I thought ""wow, these actually don't look too bad.""  But the 511s are very slim, and a bit tight in the crotch.  They look good with a sport coat going out for a casual dinner, but I wanted something even more casual and comfortable for just hangn' out around the house and/or going out to the grocery store.  Hence.... the Levi 513!!!!  It's perfect for my slim build.  It fits good.  It looks good.  It's comfortable and well made.  And it comes in several colors.  Plus, they're cheap.

And here I thought Levi only made 501s (which suck for me.)  I'm so glad I tried these 513s.  I don't think I'll have to ever wear another brand of jean again.  Hope they work for you too."
I got theses for my husband. He really like them!
Pair #9 and counting. Love Converse! These are the most comfy tennis shoes I've very worn and so many colors.
Super cute.  I purchased the pink and the tan/brown.  The pink was narrower than the tan, but both are comfortable and look great on.  At this price, I'll be purchasing more colors.
Good
My daughter's favorite shoes. Very happy with this purchase!
Reordered size 40. They fit great & are very soft & comfortable. Will be wearing them in my shop. Would buy again. Larry
Easy to read dial, attractive, no need to worry about battery change. Will go for a leather strap after couple of months.
Nice
Don't like underwire usually but this fits good and does not dig
They're comfortable but tighterthan I desired between? Knees and waist
Got these for my dad cause I couldn't stand seeing black slacks and shoes and white tube socks (for the extra cushion he said). These fit well, give him good cushion and go well with his work attire. Great gift idea for Father's Day and Christmas
Love this!
Great for cold weather golfing, bought a size up for a loose fit on the fairway.
Only watch I ever buy
Comfortable and fit just right! The tan color is almost the exact same color in the picture. I'm going to be purchasing the dark brown ones also. Recommend to anyone!
Love the look, how warm they are and they are super comfortal but they run big.  I wish I ordered a size smaller.
Great boot for work
great
Great fit and quality , my second pair
very comfortable
I love this tongue ring. No one stares at my mouth no more. Can barely see my tongue ring. Small village living. Not fun! lol!
Nice fit and so far so good
I have worn this bra for over a decade. My size is very hard to find, so being able to get it online at a good price was wonderful!
thanks
Excellent fit and support. Nice color
I thought the case was going to be smaller but it looks a lot better than I expected
These were a gift and they are a true fit and just what was wanted.
This is my fourth pair of keens - awesome shoe - I walk everyday and these shoes provide much more support than other typical running shoes - not too heavy and good traction and support for hiking.
great for the price
Exactly what I expected.
The shoes have met my expectations and are a good value.
Ordered for someone with a 34" inseam, approx. 125lbs (Jeans Size: 00-Tall at Express, 0-XtraTall at American Eagle). Ordered XX-Small (tall) and they fit perfectly.
Skx175/Skx009 One of the best underrated diving watches, ISO certified which makes it a true diver. great Lume, and perfect size at 42 mm. It is so great I also had to purchase the skx007.
Great sweater
The watch I ordered (enlarged display option and brown strap) was exactly as it appeared in the photo. Fits great and exceeded my expectations.  The only drawback about this purchase was that even though I paid extra for 2 day delivery, the package became delayed by several days. Other than that, excellent product.
very comfortable
I'm on my feet, concrete floor, all day.  My feet were killing me.  Since wearing these, I have no pain!!  Considering that I have a large-sized foot, the shoe is rather light & not too heavy feeling.  I am loving them.
Perfect fit, loved the colors. They go with everything!
I bought this jewelry care cloth because it was offered with a package deal while buying a sonic jewelry cleaner, and I was just as thrilled with the wonderful job it did cleaning my silver jewelry as I was with my sonic jewelry cleaner.  It's VERY easy to use, & I think my silver jewelry might even look better than new after using this cloth!  I'll definitely be buying more of these in the future.
It's a Carhartt. No need to say any more
They are great!
Very well made.
Nice shoe good fit great price
I love these shoes, they are my basics, I buy several pairs every year. They are the perfect shoes for work, dressy enough, not too dressy, very comfortable, and they go with everything.
Hanes brand is always a great brand!
Not much can go wrong with a pair of Chucks. He likes them and wears them all the time even if he looks like a dork!
I have these in black (the double harness style) and now the olive, which is a color I wear 50% of the time. The color is perfect. Buy a half size down since they run large.  They are great quality and I find them quite comfortable.
Coat is warm!##
I've had it for over a year now and it's still in great condition!
I love these shoes, look good and feel good and sturdy. These arrived fast and were well packed.
I love my new Buxton wallet. I was happy that I could get all my cards and other "necessities" in the slots, as shown and the coin compartment is easy to get the needed coins out. Plenty of room to hold paper money and to remove what you need. A nice bonus: There's a very pleasant leather smell whenever I pull the wallet out of my purse! It is very well made so I expect it to last me a very long time.
Exceptional value for a quality product.
These are the best boots is ever had on my feet.  I work12 hr shifts on concrete and these are the only boots that  don't leave my feet aching at the end of the day. I hope they never stop making style
Very comfortable shoes.  I have been wearing this style propet shoes for over twenty-five years.
"These are great socks. I've been wearing them for years.

They last forever and never lose their stretch and form."
These shoes are so cute on my grandson!
Nice Bra
I am extremely satisfied with the quality and fit of my Keen boot, it is comfortable and well made. It arrived as scheduled.
Great fit.
Nice product, I received perfectly in exact time, the product it's as expected it's easy do it by amazon, fast and secure
This watch box is very nice quality at an unbelievable price. Beautiful glossy burlwood finish.  Smooth hinges.  Only downside is no guides for the bottom drawer, but at this price range I cannot deduct a star for that. CAVEAT: when it says it fits 43mm cases, it means it.  That means it will not fit todays larger watches, which may be why it seels for half the price of the boxes with larger compartments.  If you max out at 43mm like I do, this box is a steal.
The boots arrived quickly and were just what I ordered.  I am very happy with the delivery and product quality of the Sorel brand.
This is an amazing hoodie. I bought it for my boyfriend and he loves the fit. It is extremely soft and I may end up stealing it from him.
Very nice
My first pair finally wore out.  These, my second pair,  are exactly as great as the first!  I expected nothing less from Birkenstock,
I've worn Gold Toe socks for years.  Typically, I buy them in a department store but given the price of these socks, I could not resist.  They are the same high quality.
The quality is great.
I love these!! I'm going to order the brown pair also! They fit great and I love the way they feel. These are my favorite shoes right now :)
"My daughter isn't a dancer ... yet. But she got these shoes and would never take them off. So this is the 2nd pair!!

What is nice is that they tie, so you can wear them longer, and even a little earlier."
There's a reason everyone has these sneakers. They're awesome. This is my second pair (I have purchased both burgundy and now grey/purple) - wore the first ones to shreds. They're light, they're comfortable, and they're cute. Gone are the days of boring white sneakers.
Great
"good quality as always, great shape.

i like it, while it really fit my body.

maybe i will get others for a try."
Super cute! I find that Converse shoes run big on my daughter. She'll wear a 4 in Nikes but a 3 in Converse.
Heavy duty. very durable and long lasting. I've had a pair of these for about four year and still going. Other jeans last a few months.
These bras have been well-made, the fit is as perfect as the stores sell them.  I will buy here again.
Nice KEEN's great comfortable fit and good arch support. They lace easily and I think these shoes will be perfect for the fall season.
"On time
As described
Would order again
Kids are happy"
Love them!  I usually wear a size 8 1/2, so I sized up to a 9 because I have a bit wider foot.  Took no time to break in.  I even ordered another pair in another color for myself, and 2 more pairs for my daughter in her size.
The product fit well and I knew the companys reputation for making quality products.  It is a good product and satisfied with my purchase.
My husband likes the shoes and he has done no complaining about them so that must mean they are comfortable.  And they are also nice looking ..So guess we are happy with the shoes?
I ordered these for my mom , as she loved them and had them in other colors. She barely wore them before she died and now I wear them since we wear the same size shoe. I really like them and find them to be very comfortable. I would certainly buy them again in the future.
fit nice, good quality
"These shoes fit very nicely and feel very comfortable.
The leather is thick and nicely put together.
I love them!!"
This is my fourth Invicta diver's watch - they are very well made watches - never thought I'd own more than one at a time, but these are great buys and having a diffewrent look for different occasions is fun. It's a heavy watch and works well in and out of the water. I take it surfing about once a week. Keeps perfect time and looks like a Rolex at a fraction of the cost - highly recommended.
Shoes are perfect, excellent value
Bought this unit for my boyfriend and he loved it .was a good buy for a good price.shipped in a timely manner also
Just what the husband need for winter work!
Love these slippers. They are warm and soft. I really like the sole on them, they give you some support and you can step outside in them. They are well made. I also appreciate how quickly Amazon Prime got them to my house.
Good product
We all look for the signs of a fake.  These have all the signs of a real pair or RayBans.  They are super comfortable
As with all Uggs, they wear to fit your feet perfectly and are super COMFY to boot. Colorado here they come!
"I own two of the T20461 watches. One was purchased at a K-Mart Going Out of Business sale in May 2012.
The second came from estate sale for $5.00 (in early 2014).

The dial is bright white and easy to read numbers. It is possible to see the time in dim lighting without having to press the button to turn the light on..The Military time numbers are in red but are smaller and not as bold as the black numbers.
.
The stretch bands are ok, but do seem to dent easily as one other commentor mentioned. One of the rectangle piece of one band popped out and couldn't be reinstalled, so I had a leather band put on that watch. I have an unusually small wrist and even with a few links removed the watch still rotated on my wrist.

The date / day window opening is too small if you ask me. To view the day / date you got to hold the watch at the right angle.

I normall don't  put a watch underwater, but the T20461 has been spalshed, down at the bottom of the pool and in the dishwater and hasn't leaked or had any condensation build up on the inside.

I am happy with both purchases."
Awesome shoes
Shoe is even better than I expected.  Very comfortable and stylish.  I plan to get in more colors very soon!
I've been wearing Dansko shoes for almost 20 years and absolutely love them!!
Great jeans with a nice relaxed fit. Well made and should last for years.
My second pair of Stags. I wear them for work and dress and they shine up real well.  I hope they last as long as my last pair.
"These are my second pair - after 5 years and many dog walking winter miles the metal had worn down so it was time for a new pair.
Pros-
-stay on my boots as long as one follows the directions of how to put them on
-sure footedness on icy and/or snow-covered sidewalks and road shoulders
-feel comfortable when dog walking - not having to worry if the dog pulls
-I do wear them for short distance driving and they do not interfere with the pedals"
These are great, but my husband would have probably got the next waist size up. They are a tighter fitting pant.
Rockport delivered!  Just as I expected.
Best dress shoes I've ever owned. Love them.
Good
the watch arrived within 3 days of the order. Mygirlfreind was very excited about it. although I had to have the band altered it was a beautiful peice. I took it to the local Kay jewalers and they took care of it for me. when I told the lady what I paid she nearly fainted..  the savings of the online purchuse aloud me to take my girl out for a very nice dinner at the Melting Pot.  no Mc Donalds that night.. inconclution the product, service, and delivery  was very nice. I would definetly shop here again.....
Nice chain.  Contemplated buying a chain online, exactly what I was looking for at a great price.
I bought this for my little cousin who is 12 years old. She really liked it! Her mother thought it was quite fancy too. The chain can be improved but it is a really nice. 5 stars!
I liked
I like Wrangler, and I purchased these jeans expecting another great pair of jeans. I was not disappointed! Will buy again.
"LOVE these. Quality is great. They are soft. Pockets are a good size. Comfortable fit for size.
Will buy more."
I am a 68 year-old diabetic and these shoes are great as are the others ones I have, but the price was a good bonus!
Excellent for every day use. Bought these for my 9 year old son. Plays soccer at school everyday with these shoes and he says they're super comfortable. Will buy again
"I, like many others, have always worn 100% cotton boxer briefs and thought that's the way life worked. My wife's best friend made fun of how baggy they looked so I went (same day) and grabbed all of by Hanes and threw them away. I looked up (on amazon) new underoos and found the Modal trunk. I ordered 4 pair ($100) and love them. I won't go back, EVER. I also tried the Microfiber Steel (2 pair) just to see the difference myself. They are nice but buy enough of these to last a week (or whatever your laundry cycle is) and throw your other cheapos in the garbage. These feel like an angel gently cupping your package all day; I found myself strutting around like a rooster most of the day.

Buy them, you won't regret it. No problems (like others) getting cheap imitations. Mine were authentic."
Great bag for a great price!!
"Have been using this watch for manny years. Keeps excellant time , is tough.
Good watch for rough work conditions.
Would recommend to anyone needing a 24hr display."
Beautiful shawl and I loved the price!
Although I did order a half size large since that's what was indicated on the site.  Great boots very light yet sturdy.
My left foot was surgically rebuilt with screws, bolts and plates. My right foot is no prize either. Never thought I'd find a slip on that would fit over my two different sized feet. Wow - these do it because the back is open. But these also stay on my feet and feel good! The reviewer who called these a relief shoe to wear around the house was dead accurate. I wear them on short trips like grocery but have to be careful driving in them. Take the dog out? Wear around the house? Socks or no socks? Gladly
I wear 10.5 wide, I ended up buying a size 12
True to size but I should've ordered a little smaller since it's a clog type fit. Comfortable and what I was looking for.
As described
fits as expected.
Did the trick. Used it for performance and it did great. Of course, with any gstring and being of small stature, I had to shorten the "g". But that is expected.
great colour shoe for the young adults of today , my 12 year old daughter just loves these shoes so we bought her cousin this colour for Christmas . the price was great and the shoes turned up well before delvery date.
fine item
I love the material
I didn't read the description on the size, but I got it to work, it just takes a little work to get them on. I'm very happy though, your services are great! :)
Fit well
Perfect fit, high quality denim.
They were GREAT!!!!
This nightgown fit as we knew it would and is quite comfortable for my mother.
These fit very well, not too big or too small, and they are VERY comfortable!  Love the pretty ivory color as well!
"Timex Men's T40091 Expedition Metal Field Watch.
I've had a watch like this for over five years but when I dropped it the night light was broken so I was fortunate enough to find the same watch at Amazon and I'm delight to be able to have replaced the broken watch which I LOVE."
Very comfortable boots!
The soft soles are exactly what i was looking for. If you are looking to wear these without socks (as i do) then i suggest getting a half size small as leather tends to stretch.
I love these and have bought multiple pairs. Super soft and comfortable, and it looks like you're wearing ballet shoes, so they're pretty cute!
Perfet
Very well made and fits great. Hubby loves it.
I will definitely buy another one!
very pleased
These jeans are even more comfortable than the last pair of Lee Relaxed Fit jeans I purchased and fit better, too.
This hoodie is warm and comfortable. I am a medium-sized (32 waist, 5'7'') guy, and went with a large to allow for some shrinkage in the wash. I recommend everyone orders one size bigger on these.
Wears well and looks good. I'll have no other.
Love my Keens.  I wore my first pair almost daily for over a year, and have just surrendered them because the soles were worn down to the insole-- not their fault-- lots of miles!
Nice looking comfortable house shoe.
All expectations met
i have bought this watch and an omega 2220.80 from AD, and its fantastic. elegant yet spotive and high tech. recommended.
My wife loves the shoes, however the size convertion was a little off no biggie, just send 'em back and get the right size.
easy to order, shipped on time, great looking shoes!
Nice tactical shoes
Recieved these boots as a gift for Christmas 2016. I Work EMS in a very busy County so I am constantly on my feet. These boots are extremely comfortable and have held up well so far. They are definitely waterproof as well. I will purchase another set of these when I am due for new boots.
These bras are the best in underside. I'm a 38DD. I had a white one anditbwad by favorite.  I wore it until the lab err l printing cane off. Since I buy everything from Amazon I decided to look for the brs. I found them and ordered 3 immediately.  I couldn't be happier. The fit if the bra is amazing. It works well with tee shirts, firrec sweaters etc. I love Bali.
None
Comfortable shoe.  My go to walking shoe.
Very pretty, well made
Love the Navy blue. Very hard to find in this area. Great price and fast shipping from this company. Would order from them again.
Can't beat the price.  Seems like you give up a little extra classy appearance for durability, which works for me in a business casual dress.
My wife lost her wedding rings on a trip, we bought this for now and they look exactly as her old ones! nobody has notice the difference! should have bought this from the beginning! :p
Very warm and comfortable with handy inside double pockets. Also a heavy duty main zipper and mine was made in the USA! Would definitely recommend this well made jacket.
Fit great and comfortably
Great quality for the price
Perfect fit.  Very much what I wanted for church attire.
"These are well-made, finished with care, and easy to care for.
I wear them to functions that require a dressy look, especially with a jacket and tie.
Great value for a product that is reliable."
Everyone loved this bow. It's not even a cheap bow. I use it for a dress shirt and it goes really swell. It was worth the buy.
Super cute, looks like it's well made and would hold up. Unfortunately I had to send it back. My foot is slightly wide at the front so I ordered the wide width (so very rarely an option in pretty dress shoes) thinking that would help me last a whole wedding reception of dancing in the shoe. Unfortunately it was so wide that my foot wouldn't stay in the show. If you have a truly wide foot these would be awesome!
Great socks. I only buy gold toe
looks better in person. very good quality and style for a casual day-to-day look
a very comfortable T-shirt. excellent value
So good, fresh and soft to use in the Brazilian summer, my wife love it so much. So I bought 2 packages more!!!!
My 17 month old loves these water shoes and gets mad when we try to take them off. I bought them because they don't have velcro which does not stand up well in water. These are great!
Excellent product. I recommends it.
Fit as expected.
Good slipper
I love them!!  They are the perfect ballerina slipper and I feel girly  :)
Because of back problems of many years, I have used nothing but Ameribag  for almost as long. Beside redistributing the weight, this bag is most efficient. There are many pockets, both internally and externally. It is simple to keep everything organized. I couldn't recommend this bag more...back problems or not.
Bought these boots for my husband who wears Timberland's religiously for work. They fit a wide foot. They were a little snug but after the 3rd day were fine. He wears and ordered 9 1/2 wide.  According to him "Best boot for the money" Personally I like the darker color.
good
Fits good
My husband is a firefighter and this is as close as it gets for a child's dress-up costume! It's very durable, comes with a hard hat, and has real hook enclosures. Make sure you have your own black boots! It also washes well.
My favorite bra. Just ideal.
"So I dint expect these to be here tues afternoon when I ordered them Sun night with free shipping, but there they were, Awesome!

Buying 3 more, and some shorts.

They are thinner than and 1000 times more comfortable than company issued torture pants, and if you want the torture thick material, get the industrial ones, then spray them with a can of starch, but then they don't come in loose fit, so better not lift weights or eat meat...

Dont complain when a washed pant is softer than company issued ""trousers"", The Andy Griffith show is no longer on grandpa."
Great after my toe surgery, I put in new insoles which improve the fit even better.  The shoes are wearing great, although, I wish there were options that were a bit more dressy for work (sole)
"Super cute & comfortable
Love them "
My wife loves this watch. It is a great buy. Quality, Quality, Quality!
nice
Great fit and warmth
Good product!.
I love these sandals and am unhappy that they are discontinued.  If there are any out there in size 8 give me an email!
Great looking, super-comfortable, comes with extra set of funky red laces. Shipping and packaging excellent. Recommend treating with a water repellent...
as described
In the past, I've had trouble finding a chain that didn't entangle my hair, causing it to rip out of my head. No issues with this chain whatsoever. I love it, and most definitely recommend it. Agree with the other reviewers that it's strong, yet looks delicate, and very pretty. Thank you!!
buenas tardes , gracias por enviar el producto esta en buen estado y execelente articulo Woodland Camo Vintage Paratrooper Fatigues, Medium
nice
Comfortable, stylish, and a great slipper! Keeps feet warm and cushioned and love wearing them around the house during winter!
Very supportive and comfortable.  Always a dependable brand.
good
Just what the man wanted.
Very delicate and pretty bracelet. It measures 7" including the length of the clasp so won't fit a large wrist.
The fix perfect. For my husband the best.
This bag is small and perfect.  I have been using this type of backpack for 15 years.  They last for about 5 years and then the zippers go.  I use this when I just need the essentials.  Sunglasses, wallet, keys, phone.  I can also get a 16oz water bottle in here and a light weight jacket.  It is totally full then but serves a great lightweight purpose.
Happy
These shoes are top-notch comfortable, so stylish and well-made.  I'll be buying another pair the next time my daughter's feet grow.
Have a real wide foot wish got 3EW at least option there may order one anyway. Big toe box. Super traction.lite and flexable.went for 3mi walk out of the box,next day 6 and next 8mi. Have replaced present cycle boots. Zipper great quick off in house quick on to leave,no sitting lacing boots. Highly recommend.
For some reason,  these Lees fit me perfectly. This version has just the right amount of give to make them very comfortable. I have a pretty average figure, but other jeans just don't fit vey well. FYI I am 75 years old.  Just the right weight for my height.
These are the best pantyhose I've found.  Although I have gotten runs in them, my experience is that they are MUCH more durable than others.  I like how they hold me in.  If you're in the in-between phase with sizing, I would select the larger size since they are pretty snug.
Quality product. Satisfied with purchase, would buy again. Product as described, excellent value.
Husband loves it.
i wear a 7.5 in womens and got the size 4 mens size 6 womens!
My husband ordered these for himself. He normally wears a 10.5 regular in tennis shoes but he ordered a 10.5 wide in the boot. He says they fit perfect and is glad he ordered them in wide because they would have been too snug otherwise. He says they are comfortable for the first few hours of work but his feet start hurting at about the 5 hour mark, which really isn't bad. We have attributed this to the boots needing to be "broken in". Overall he is highly satisfied with the boots and is already talking about ordering a second pair.
EXCELENT
I had to buy a half size larger than my normal shoe size but I love these work shoes!
Great, can't complain would buy from again.
These are the most comfortable panties...the only brand and style I wear.  Very comfortable waist band.
Great slipper, very comfortable and good looking, only need to keep my puppy away from them! Would definitely recommend this product.
Very comfortable and they seem to be durable. I am very happy I bought them.
This is the second pair I have bought for my new husband. he loves them so much he even wears them when he shouldnt. the leather is like butter. myself and my daughter also wear our minnetonkas daily. Would never waste my money on the other store brands, they do not compare
"Great product!
This was my 2nd pair. Worn through my first and got another pair just like it. They are so comfy and cushy."
best shoes ever!
Really nice and quality watch with iron strap! And very good price - 18$ is very cheap for this watch.
Simply awesome eyewear.
Very rugged denim fabric, good quality, just too small for my husband.  Arrives very stiff - I'd recommend washing a few times to make them comfortable to wear.
It is way easier to set the time compared to past digital watches. It has occasion alarms which is a nice feature, although realistically I will use my phone for this purpose.
Perfect for my BWCA trip.
"I have owned several pairs of Danner. Two Ft. Lewis (insulated) and two Acadia, prior to this purchase. They are my work boots. My oldest pair are 25years old, then 21, 17, and 10. The two oldest pair were worn on duty and then for training, when I replaced them with the other two (one Ft. Lewis and one Acadia). The newer of the four pair are still wearable but starting to show their age. I bought this pair (5th pair, which are Acadias), to hopefully carry me out to retirement (8 more years). Other than the quality, you can have these resoled. In the long term, the boots pay for themselves.

One of the down sides to Danner boots is that they are heavy, compared to other name brand boots. But you are getting quality. And being this is all I have worn, in my 25 years of service, I don't know anything else except that my boots last longer than my fellow workers, who buy different name brand boots. Another issue, is the break in period. It is a pain in the .....rear. You will cuss them for awhile, but once they break in, they are like a great fitting glove.

Attached is my boots. I still use the older pair for training and the newer pair, for my daily work use."
wonderful slippers! Just remember these are sized differently than your regular Uggs. Do not size down in these. I wear a size 8 in my Ugg boots, but wear size 9 in these. The size 8 would have been too small. I'm so glad I paid attention to some of the comments about sizing. These are so comfortable and luxurious feeling. They are worth their price!! love them..
It looks so nice on my son & fits him perfectly
Flap on right boot  has rubbed my shin through my sock to blister my shin.  Though won't stop wearing! Some reviews said too small. Some reviews said too large. I wear a 9 and a half, so ordered a ten. Too large!  Other than that a great boot!
Looks nice seems durable. I use these when I go sailing in long beach. I am very pleased with my product.
The iconic Wayfarer. Note that these are the "New" Wayfarer, they are a little bit smaller than the regular Wayfarer, but this is by design. I was afraid that the item was a fake, but rest assured they are the original product.
perfect
love the dry blend the best so far from Gildan feels sturdier than the heavy cotton style
love the shoes and would buy again, they are comfortable and are everything that i expected
My mother - 88 years of age - loves these clogs.  She said they fit as good, if not better that the Totes and Shadowline bedroom shoes we have bought her in the past.
As good as the ones I used to rent, for the price of one rental.
liked a lot.
"It has a lot of space to work with and the handle is a nice tough! :D
Great quality fabric, zipper works well, doesn't snag on anything, and it compresses down well when not in use.
I'd definitely order another one if I need to."
This is very nice- well made.  It was on my doorstep 3 days after I ordered it!!  It is adorable (but oversized, it ideally fits an adult woman's head) on my 3 year old who is going as Mario for Halloween.
Comfortable and high quality.
Very fun color & they fit perfectly!
I originally bought these tights to wear with a Halloween costume since I figured I could get away with shimmery legs then.  These aren't glittery or obnoxious with shimmer, they just give you gleaming, sexy legs!  Seriously, they looked better than I could have ever imagined!  I ordered the toast, which is a pretty deep tan color.  I was a little worried they would be too dark because I'm fairly pale but I go tanning.  They ended up being the perfect color, but I may need the light toast for winter.  I think you could get away with these during the day as well, so I'm ordering more colors!
Super comfortable, they also have good support in them.
Nice bra fits great.
Wanted another pair of casual shoes, remembered that I had a pair of these (cough, decades, cough) long time ago.  Checked the mall, but all they had was the fancy blue, or glittery pairs.  These are comfortable, casual, breathe well and stylish enough for my work area.  I would not recommend a twelve mile hike, but that is not their design.  Really like driving with them.  Construction seems about the same as I remember.  My previous pairs lasted more than several  years; I hope these will do the same.  Now I'm thinking, maybe I should buy a boat.
Oh my gosh! These are adorable. I want them more than anything. I hope they have them in my size!!
These are great quality! I don't think you can go wrong for the money here. These cost about the same or less as most school uniforms. They look GREAT, are NICE quality and they look good on my son. The husky14 is what I had to get him. They fit according to the size chart as his waist is a 31. Perfect as a fit cab get! I ordered a "flat front" that seemed to fit more snugly. I sent them back even though my son still liked them enough to put up with being snug. I assured him he would get another pair of these in replacement.
Bought these boots for my son. I had to return the first pair...just a tad snug. No problem though, returned and bought a larger size. My son loves them, and a picky guy he is. Well made. Fast shipping.
Ever hear the old phrase, "time to get a watch"?  Well if you hear this old joke,  I bet you need a watch.  This baby doesn't just watch the time, it tells.  With a state-of-the-art DigitalDisplay, you can see the time, any time.  It also shows the day and month, but only an idiot would need that (time to get a calendar).  It can also be submerged into water up to 100m.  I bet you can't even swim that deep in like 30 seconds, it's pretty deep, just don't bring the watch deep-sea-diving.  It makes a beepy noise too, your danky old rolex can't do that!  A must have for anyone without a phone to tell time, or maybe you do have a phone but you don't have pockets, or maybe you just left it in the car?  Maybe you're afraid of your phone being stolen, I mean people don't just take watches off people's wrists you're much safer carrying this around.
Great product!!
Such a great bag for such a low price, couldn't ask for more. The green is a little duller than I imagined, but overall have been very satisfied, good sized bag for the gym or sports.
When I got the pants and tried it , it was the exact fit. I should have gotten several. Since I'm a big guy, it's difficult to find my size in Manila . I have been buying stuff and this is one fits great. Thanks will but again soon.
I love this shoe & when the pair i wear gets to funkie, I just get another pair.  The new ones are for when I go some where and now I take the older pair for every day.
They fit great!
My daughter has been wearing these sandals all spring and she loves them!  They are easy for her to get on, don't rub on any part of her feet, don't smell and are easy to clean.  She has jumped in the pool with these on and continued to wear them after and not get blisters.  I let these air dry but have thrown them in the dryer once because we were in a hurry to leave and I didn't have any issues!  These are awesome for parents looking for a good quality sandal that will hold up with an active child.  These are great at the park.  We haven't had any issues getting the mulch from the playground in them and they have great traction for climbing!  I normally buy Stride Rite sandals in the summer for my kids but I will never buy them again after buying these!  I will say that my daughter has a narrow foot and her siblings have wide feet.  These are great for her narrow feet but her siblings wear the Keen brand which run more on the wide side! They look similar in appearance and are both great quality but are made much wider! Over all these are amazing sandals and well worth the price!! The picture shoes my daughter's Pink/Purple Merrell Sandals and all others are Keen sandals including mine!
should have ordered in mens.  will do so next time.
I love these shoes and will be ordering more. There comfortable.
The shoes fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable.
Great quality, prompt delivery!!
I have several friends who just raved about these shoes so despite the cost (a little high for my flip flop budget), I thought I would give them a try. Wow, I got a pair in Lynx blue and I find myself wearing them whenever I can get away with it, then moaning about the fact that they don't go with my brown outfits so I will have to wear my other shoes. They are totally cute and extremely comfortable whether I am dressed up or in jeans, I can even wear them into the office. Now I am planning to get a few other colors so that I can enjoy the comfort more often. These shoes are amazing and a real winner for the hot Texas summer.
These are very good boots. This is the second pair of them I have owned. They're made of high quality materials and are a great value! I would recommend them to anyone needing a sturdy good looking long wearing boot!
I love this bra!  Has great lift and washes nicely!  It fits like a glove too!
Love it,great quality and comfortable
Very nice quality!  Nice selection of colors too.
Love these! I'm a woman's size 8.5-9 and these fit me perfect. I actually prefer the juniors size 6 over a woman's size. Much cheaper for Juniors too.
He loves his new boots.  We are going to a "Dude Ranch" next year for our 25th Wedding Anniversary.  I bought boots for both of us so they would be well broken in by the time we make that trip.  He has a very wide foot and these have stretched out nicely to fit his foot and he loves wearing them.
Awesome thank you.
Love the Sanuk sandals I have 5 pairs now.
"So far so good with this one.  If it holds up better then the last one that's  Great!!
Thank You,"
I could never take these off, and be completely fine with it. They're that amazing. So comfortable, nice and warm. They fit well. And... I just love them. I wear them around my house in replace of my slippers. ;)
Great jacket I agree with others that you need to buy one size up. For those who are finding the jacket shrinks the label says to line dry. Never put it in the dryer unless you want it to shrink.
This mask is awesome!! I can live out my dream of being my role model Richard M. Nixon on a daily basis now! My life is complete having this mask!! I think everyone should have a mask of their favorite role model!! And you just can't beat the price! I mean, fulfillment in life for a mere 25 bucks!!! It just doesn't get any better than that!! All of my friends love it too! We get together weekly with our mask and it's like the good old days! Reagan, Bush, Nixon, Carter, and even the other Bush have a get together where we discuss TV shows like "The Life of a President" and "4 More Years of Nothing" It's awesome, I can't praise it enough.
Talk about good bang for the buck!  My son and his friends love these and have played with them for weeks and weeks.
Bought as a present for my dad and he was thrilled. Avid tennis player and he was impressed.
Don't let the "Somewhat Large" fit bother you...I have not washed it yet, so I'm certain there will be a little shrinkage after that. What I love is that although this is not a "Tall", the sleeves are a perfect length for my 38" arms. Besides...I'm found that if I buy my clothes a little bit bigger than I need them to be...people are always complimenting me on my weight loss LOL!
The fit is perfect and being a  Keen product the shoes are very comfortable. Now if only I was allowed to wear them to work every day. :-)
Easy to use and practical. They do a good job at holding in poop accidents. They are very messy and gross to clean though!
Great mocc - comfortable with rubber bottoms so fine for outdoors. definitely stretch with wear.
The arch support could be a little better but I can still wear them all day and be comfortable. Will purchase another pair in a different color.
I bought this watch for hiking because of it's style. It looks amazing.  A very simple metal case with a plain face and classic leather buckle.  No frills, no extra gadgets, just a discrete indiglo light and glow in the dark hands.  Just be aware that this watch is not as light as the Camper series since the case is metal.
Great fitting and comfortable.  I usually don't like sandals that fit between my toes, but the fabric is so comfortable and there is no rubbing!  Bye bye Crocs, definitely buying these again.
great slip on shoe for workshop use - take off before coming upstairs. Comfortable even after long periods on feet. Well made
Fits just as expected.  Looks better in person than the picture and is very comfortable.  The same shoe can be bought at the Mall for about $75.00 so this is a good value.  The shoe is professional looking and can be worn with suits while being comfortable enough to be on your feet all day without getting sore.
Excellent! This is my second pair and I chose Durango over Frye and saved money and got excellent quality.
These earrings are danty and very pretty. I love them and could wear them everyday.  I recommend them to anyone who likes celtic jewelry.
Color and texture exactly as advertised. Quality product.  Would definitely order again.  Only complaint was the slowness in delivery.
Great shoes. I have been wearing Saucony for many years. They fit me perfectly and I really enjoy them.
I have a big head and its hard to find caps that fit and look nice.  These fill the bill perfectly.  Have ordered more.
"Love the Color (Purple) Just a great regular Polo Shirt at a low cost!
BUY 'EM!!"
Bought them for the wife and she is very pleased with product....has used them three times already
